
.ad l

.TH fod.conf 5 "June 2016" "" ""n.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBfod.conf\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
The fod.conf file contains FOD configuration information. All
sections are required.
.sp 2
The command fodinfo displays configuration information from this
file.
.sp 2

.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBParameters section\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Defines FOD configuration.
.SH Structure

.sp 2
The first and last lines are:
.sp 2
Begin Parameters
.sp 2
 
.sp 2
End Parameters 
.sp 2
Each subsequent line describes one configuration parameter. All
parameters are required.
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBFOD_ADMIN\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fBFOD_ADMIN=\fR\fIuser_name\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
The FOD administrator. Specify a valid UNIX user account.
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBFOD_CLUSTERNAME\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fBFOD_CLUSTERNAME=\fR\fIcluster_name\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
The FOD cluster name.
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBFOD_LOG_DIR\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fBFOD_LOG_DIR=\fR\fIdir\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Location of the FOD log files.
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBFOD_PORT\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fBFOD_PORT=\fR\fIinteger\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
UDP port used by FOD. Specify any port number from 512 to 65536.
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBFOD_WORK_DIR\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fBFOD_LOG_DIR=\fR\fIdir\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Location of the FOD working files.
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBHosts section\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Lists the FOD master host candidates.
.sp 2

.SH Structure

.sp 2
The Hosts section begins and ends with the lines Begin Hosts and
End Hosts. The second line is column heading, HOSTNAME.
Subsequent lines list candidate master hosts, one name per line:
.sp 2
Begin Hosts
.sp 2
HOSTNAME
.sp 2
host_name1
.sp 2
host_name2
.sp 2
End Hosts
.sp 2
\fBHOSTNAME\fR
.br
         Specify a fully qualified host name such as
         hostX.mycompany.com. The first host listed is the
         master..
.sp 2
         The domain name may be omitted if all the hosts are in
         the same DNS domain.
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBApplications section\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
The application controlled by FOD. Specify only one application.
.SH Structure

.sp 2
Begin Applications
.sp 2
NAME                     Path              PARAMS        FATAL_EXIT_VALUE
.sp 2
application_name       dir             parameters    (integer...)
.sp 2
End Applications
.sp 2
\fB NAME\fR
.br
         The name of the application managed by FOD.
.sp 2
\fBPATH\fR
.br
         The path to the location of the application.
.sp 2
\fBPARAMS\fR
.br
         The application parameters. Specify a dash (-) to
         indicate that the application has no parameters.
.sp 2
\fBFATAL_EXIT_VALUE\fR
.br
         Optional. Exit values for which FOD does not
         automatically restart the application. Specify a
         space-separated list of one or more exit values, within
         parentheses.
