
.ad l

.TH install.config 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBinstall.config\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
The install.config file contains options for LSF installation and
configuration. Use the lsfinstall -f install.config command to
install LSF with the options that are specified in the
install.config file.
.sp 2

.SH Template location

.sp 2
A template install.config is included in the installer script
package
lsf10.110.1.0.9_lsfinstall.tar.Zlsf10.110.1.0.9_lsfinstall.tar.Z
and is located in the
lsf10.110.1.0.9_lsfinstalllsf10.110.1.0.9_lsfinstall directory
that is created when you decompress and extract the installer
script package. Edit the file and uncomment the options that you
want in the template file. Replace the example values with your
own settings to specify the options for your new installation.
.sp 2
\fBImportant: \fR
.sp 2
The sample values in the install.config template file are
examples only. They are not default installation values.
.sp 2
After installation, the install.config file that contains the
options that you specified is located in the
\fILSF_TOP\fR/10.1/install/ directory.
.SH Format

.sp 2
Each entry in the install.config file has the following form:
.sp 2
NAME="STRING1 STRING2 ..."
.sp 2
The equal sign \fR=\fR must follow each \fRNAME\fR parameter even
if no value follows and there must be no spaces around the equal
sign.
.sp 2
A value that contains multiple strings that are separated by
spaces must be enclosed in quotation marks.
.sp 2
Blank lines and lines that start with a number sign (\fR#\fR) are
ignored.
.sp 2
Parent topic: Configuration files
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBParameters\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
*  CONFIGURATION_TEMPLATE
.sp 2
*  EGO_DAEMON_CONTROL
.sp 2
*  ENABLE_CGROUP
.sp 2
*  ENABLE_DYNAMIC_HOSTS
.sp 2
*  ENABLE_EGO
.sp 2
*  ENABLE_STREAM
.sp 2
*  LSF_ADD_SERVERS
.sp 2
*  LSF_ADD_CLIENTS
.sp 2
*  LSF_ADMINS
.sp 2
*  LSF_CLUSTER_NAME
.sp 2
*  LSF_DYNAMIC_HOST_WAIT_TIME
.sp 2
*  LSF_ENTITLEMENT_FILE
.sp 2
*  LSF_MASTER_LIST
.sp 2
*  LSF_QUIET_INST
.sp 2
*  LSF_SILENT_INSTALL_TARLIST
.sp 2
*  LSF_TARDIR
.sp 2
*  LSF_TOP
.sp 2
*  PATCH_BACKUP_DIR
.sp 2
*  PATCH_HISTORY_DIR
.sp 2
*  SILENT_INSTALL
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBCONFIGURATION_TEMPLATE\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRCONFIGURATION_TEMPLATE="DEFAULT"\fR | \fR"PARALLEL"\fR |
\fR"HIGH_THROUGHPUT"\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
LSF Standard Edition on UNIX or Linux only. Selects the
configuration template for this installation, which determines
the initial LSF configuration parameters that are specified when
the installation is complete. The following are valid values for
this parameter:
.sp 2
\fBDEFAULT\fR
.br
         Use this template for clusters with mixed workload. This
         configuration can serve different types of workload with
         good performance, but is not tuned for a particular type
         of cluster.
.sp 2
\fBPARALLEL\fR
.br
         This template provides extra support for large parallel
         jobs. Since this configuration is designed for long
         running parallel jobs, do not use this configuration for
         clusters that mainly run short jobs due to the longer
         reporting time for each job.
.sp 2
\fBHIGH_THROUGHPUT\fR
.br
         This template is used for clusters that mainly run short
         jobs, where over 80% of jobs finish within one minute.
         This high turnover rate requires LSF to be more
         responsive and fast acting. However, this configuration
         uses more resources as the daemons become busier.
.sp 2
The installer uses the DEFAULT configuration template when
installing LSF Standard Edition on Windows
.sp 2
\fBNote: \fRDo not specify the \fBCONFIGURATION_TEMPLATE\fR
parameter for LSF Express Edition and Advanced Edition. These
editions have their own default configuration templates for all
installations.
.sp 2
The installer specifies the following initial configuration file
parameter values based on the selected configuration template:
.sp 2
*  DEFAULT
.sp 2
   \fBlsf.conf\fR
.br
            DAEMON_SHUTDOWN_DELAY=180
.br
            LSF_LINUX_CGROUP_ACCT=Y
.br
            LSF_PROCESS_TRACKING=Y 
.br

.sp 2
   \fBlsb.params\fR
.br
            JOB_DEP_LAST_SUB=1
.br
            JOB_SCHEDULING_INTERVAL=1
.br
            MAX_JOB_NUM=10000
.br
            NEWJOB_REFRESH=Y
.br
            SBD_SLEEP_TIME=7
.sp 2
*  PARALLEL
.sp 2
   \fBlsf.conf\fR
.br
            LSB_SHORT_HOSTLIST=1
.br
            LSF_LINUX_CGROUP_ACCT=Y
.br
            LSF_PROCESS_TRACKING=Y
.br
            LSF_ENABLE_EXTSCHEDULER=Y
.br
            LSF_HPC_EXTENSIONS="CUMULATIVE_RUSAGE LSB_HCLOSE_BY_RES SHORT_EVENTFILE"
.sp 2
            For a full description of the PARALLEL configuration
            template, refer to Enable LSF HPC features in
            Installing IBM Spectrum LSF on UNIX and Linux.
.sp 2
   \fBlsb.params\fR
.br
            JOB_DEP_LAST_SUB=1
.br
            JOB_SCHEDULING_INTERVAL=1
.br
            NEWJOB_REFRESH=Y
.br
            TRACK_ELIGIBLE_PENDINFO=Y
.sp 2
*  HIGH_THROUGHPUT
.sp 2
   \fBlsf.conf\fR
.br
            LSB_MAX_PACK_JOBS=300
.br
            LSB_SHORT_HOSTLIST=1
.sp 2
   \fBlsb.params\fR
.br
            JOB_SCHEDULING_INTERVAL=50ms
.br
            MAX_INFO_DIRS=500
.br
            MAX_JOB_ARRAY_SIZE=10000
.br
            MAX_JOB_NUM=100000
.br
            MIN_SWITCH_PERIOD=1800
.br
            NEWJOB_REFRESH=YSBD_SLEEP_TIME=3
.sp 2
The installer specifies the following initial configuration
parameters for all configuration templates:
.sp 2
*  lsf.conf:
.sp 2
   EGO_ENABLE_AUTO_DAEMON_SHUTDOWN=Y
.br
   LSB_DISABLE_LIMLOCK_EXCL=Y
.br
   LSB_MOD_ALL_JOBS=Y
.br
   LSF_DISABLE_LSRUN=Y
.br
   LSB_SUBK_SHOW_EXEC_HOST=Y
.br
   LSF_PIM_LINUX_ENHANCE=Y
.br
   LSF_PIM_SLEEPTIME_UPDATE=Y
.br
   LSF_UNIT_FOR_LIMITS=MB
.sp 2
*  lsb.params:
.sp 2
   ABS_RUNLIMIT=Y
.br
   DEFAULT_QUEUE=normal interactive
.br
   JOB_ACCEPT_INTERVAL=0
.br
   MAX_CONCURRENT_QUERY=100
.br
   MAX_JOB_NUM=10000
.br
   MBD_SLEEP_TIME=10
.br
   PARALLEL_SCHED_BY_SLOT=Y
.br
   RELAX_JOB_DISPATCH_ORDER=Y
.sp 2
In addition, the installer enables the following features for all
configuration templates:
.sp 2
*  Fairshare scheduling (LSF Standard Edition and Advanced
   Edition): The following example for the lsb.queues file
   enables fairshare scheduling for all queues except \fRadmin\fR
   and \fRlicense\fR:
.sp 2
   Begin Queue
.br
   ...
.br
   FAIRSHARE=USER_SHARES[[default, 1]]
.br
   ...
.br
   End Queue
.sp 2
*  Host groups (LSF Standard Edition on UNIX or Linux):
   Management candidate hosts are assigned to the
   \fRmanagement_hosts\fR host group.
.sp 2
*  User groups (LSF Standard Edition on UNIX or Linux): LSF
   administrators are assigned to the \fRlsfadmins\fR user group.
.sp 2
*  Affinity scheduling in both the lsb.modules and lsb.hosts.
.SH Example

.sp 2
\fRCONFIGURATION_TEMPLATE="HIGH_THROUGHPUT"\fR
.SH Default

.sp 2
DEFAULT (the default configuration template is used)
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBEGO_DAEMON_CONTROL\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fREGO_DAEMON_CONTROL="Y"\fR | \fR"N"\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Enables EGO to control the LSF res and sbatchd daemons. Set the
value to "Y" if you want the EGO service controller to start the
res and sbatchd daemons, and restart if they fail. To avoid
conflicts, leave this parameter undefined if you use a script to
start LSF daemons.
.sp 2
\fBNote: \fRIf you specify EGO_ENABLE="N", this parameter is
ignored.
.SH Example

.sp 2
\fREGO_DAEMON_CONTROL="N"\fR
.SH Default

.sp 2
N (the res and sbatchd are started manually)
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBENABLE_CGROUP\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRENABLE_CGROUP=Y\fR | \fRN\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Enables LSF to track processes\(aq CPU and memory accounting based
on Linux cgroup memory and cpuacct subsystems.
.sp 2
Set the value to \fRY\fR if you want to use Linux cgroup to track
process accounting. The installer sets the following initial
configuration file parameter values in the lsf.conf file:
.sp 2
LSB_RESOURCE_ENFORCE="cpu memory"
.br
LSF_PROCESS_TRACKING=Y
.br
LSF_LINUX_CGROUP_ACCT=Y
.SH Example

.sp 2
\fRENABLE_CGROUP=Y\fR
.SH Default

.sp 2
N (do not use Linux cgroup to track process accounting)
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBENABLE_DYNAMIC_HOSTS\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRENABLE_DYNAMIC_HOSTS="Y"\fR | \fR"N"\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Enables dynamically adding and removing hosts. Set the value to
"Y" if you want to allow dynamically added hosts.
.sp 2
If you enable dynamic hosts, any host can connect to cluster. To
enable security, configure the \fBLSF_HOST_ADDR_RANGE\fR
parameter in the lsf.cluster.\fIcluster_name\fR file after
installation and restrict the hosts that can connect to your
cluster.
.SH Example

.sp 2
\fRENABLE_DYNAMIC_HOSTS="N"\fR
.SH Default

.sp 2
N (dynamic hosts not allowed)
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBENABLE_EGO\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRENABLE_EGO="Y"\fR | \fR"N"\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Enables EGO functions in the LSF cluster.
.sp 2
\fBENABLE_EGO="Y"\fR causes the lsfinstall command to uncomment
the \fBLSF_EGO_ENVDIR\fR parameter and sets the
\fBLSF_ENABLE_EGO="Y"\fR parameter in the lsf.conf file.
.sp 2
\fBENABLE_EGO="N"\fR causes the lsfinstall command to comment out
the \fBLSF_EGO_ENVDIR\fR parameter and sets the
\fBLSF_ENABLE_EGO="N"\fR parameter in the lsf.conf file.
.sp 2
Set the value to \fBENABLE_EGO="Y"\fR if you want to take
advantage of the following LSF features that depend on EGO:
.sp 2
*  LSF daemon control by EGO service controller
.sp 2
*  SLA scheduling with EGO enabled
.SH Default

.sp 2
N (EGO is disabled in the LSF cluster)
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBENABLE_GPU\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRENABLE_GPU=Y\fR | \fRN\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Enables LSF to support GPUs so that applications can use GPU
resources in a Linux environment. LSF supports parallel jobs that
require GPUs based on availability.
.sp 2
Set the value to \fRY\fR if you want to run parallel jobs that
request GPU resources in Linux environments. The installer sets
the following initial configuration file parameter values in the
following configuration files:
.sp 2
*  lsf.conf:
.sp 2
   LSB_RESOURCE_ENFORCE="gpu"
.sp 2
*  lsf.cluster.\fIcluster_name\fR:
.sp 2
   Begin ResourceMap
.br
     RESOURCENAME      LOCATION
.br
     ngpus             ([default])
.br
     ngpus_shared      ([default])
.br
     ngpus_excl_t      ([default])
.br
     ngpus_excl_p      ([default])
.br
     ...
.br
     gpu_topology      ([default])
.br
   End ResourceMap
.sp 2
   There are also several resources that are added to the file,
   but are commented out by default. The resources that are
   commented out are not shown here.
.sp 2
*  lsf.shared:
.sp 2
   Begin Resource
.br
   RESOURCENAME  TYPE    INTERVAL INCREASING  CONSUMABLE  DESCRIPTION            # Keywords   
.br
      ngpus             Numeric         60     N           N           (Number of GPUs)
.br
      ngpus_shared      Numeric         60     N           Y           (Number of GPUs in Shared Mode)
.br
      ngpus_excl_t      Numeric         60     N           Y           (Number of GPUs in Exclusive  Thread Mode)
.br
      ngpus_excl_p      Numeric         60     N           Y           (Number of GPUs in Exclusive  Process Mode)
.br
      ...
.br
      gpu_topology      String          60     ()          ()          (GPU topology on host)
.br
   End Resource
.sp 2
   There are also several resources that are added to the file,
   but are commented out by default. The resources that are
   commented out are not shown here.
.SH Example

.sp 2
\fRENABLE_GPU=Y\fR
.SH Default

.sp 2
N (do not support GPUs)
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBENABLE_STREAM\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRENABLE_STREAM="Y"\fR | \fR"N"\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Enables LSF event streaming.
.sp 2
Enable LSF event streaming if you intend to install IBM Spectrum
LSF Analytics or IBM Spectrum LSF Application Center.
.SH Default

.sp 2
N (Event streaming is disabled)
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_ADD_SERVERS\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_ADD_SERVERS="\fR\fIhost_name\fR
[\fIhost_name\fR...]\fR"\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
List of extra LSF server hosts.
.sp 2
The hosts in the \fBLSF_MASTER_LIST\fR parameter are always LSF
server hosts. Use the \fBLSF_ADD_SERVERS\fR parameter to specify
extra server hosts. Specify a list of host names two ways:
.sp 2
*  Host names that are separated by spaces
.sp 2
*  The name of a file that contains a list of host names, one
   host per line.
.SH Valid Values

.sp 2
Any valid LSF host name.
.SH Example 1

.sp 2
List of host names:
.sp 2
LSF_ADD_SERVERS="hosta hostb hostc hostd"
.br

.SH Example 2

.sp 2
Host list file:
.sp 2
LSF_ADD_SERVERS=:lsf_server_hosts
.br

.sp 2
The lsf_server_hosts file contains a list of hosts:
.sp 2
hosta
.br
hostb
.br
hostc
.br
hostd
.br

.SH Default

.sp 2
Only hosts in the \fBLSF_MASTER_LIST\fR parameter are LSF server
hosts.
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_ADD_CLIENTS\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_ADD_CLIENTS="\fR\fIhost_name
\fR[\fIhost_name...\fR]\fR"\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
List of LSF client-only hosts.
.sp 2
\fBTip: \fR
.sp 2
After installation, you must manually edit the
lsf.cluster.\fIcluster_name\fR file to include the host model and
type of each client that is listed in the \fBLSF_ADD_CLIENTS\fR
parameter.
.SH Valid Values

.sp 2
Any valid LSF host name.
.SH Example 1

.sp 2
List of host names:
.sp 2
LSF_ADD_CLIENTS="hoste hostf"
.br

.SH Example 2

.sp 2
Host list file:
.sp 2
LSF_ADD_CLIENTS=:lsf_client_hosts
.br

.sp 2
The lsf_client_hosts file contains a list of hosts:
.sp 2
hoste
.br
hostf
.br

.SH Default

.sp 2
No client hosts installed.
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_ADMINS\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_ADMINS="\fR\fIuser_name \fR[\fIuser_name ... \fR]\fR"\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Required. List of LSF administrators.
.sp 2
The first user account name in the list is the primary LSF
administrator. This user name cannot be the root user account.
.sp 2
Typically, this account is named lsfadmin. This account owns the
LSF configuration files and log files for job events. This
account also has permission to reconfigure LSF and to control
batch jobs that are submitted by other users. The primary LSF
administrator typically does not have authority to start LSF
daemons. Usually, only root has permission to start LSF daemons.
.sp 2
All the LSF administrator accounts must exist on all hosts in the
cluster before you install LSF. Secondary LSF administrators are
optional.
.sp 2
\fBCAUTION: \fRYou cannot configure the root account as the
primary LSF administrator.
.SH Valid Values

.sp 2
Existing user accounts
.SH Example

.sp 2
\fRLSF_ADMINS="lsfadmin user1 user2"\fR
.SH Default

.sp 2
None - required variable
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_CLUSTER_NAME\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_CLUSTER_NAME="\fR\fIcluster_name\fR\fR"\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Required. The name of the LSF cluster.
.SH Example

.sp 2
\fRLSF_CLUSTER_NAME="cluster1"\fR
.SH Valid Values

.sp 2
Any alphanumeric string that contains no more than 39 characters.
The name cannot contain white spaces.
.sp 2
\fBImportant: \fR
.sp 2
Do not use the name of any host, user, or user group as the name
of your cluster.
.SH Default

.sp 2
None - required variable
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_DYNAMIC_HOST_WAIT_TIME\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_DYNAMIC_HOST_WAIT_TIME=\fR\fIseconds\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Time in seconds that the server host LIM waits after startup
before it calls the management host LIM to dynamically add the
server host.
.sp 2
This parameter takes effect only if you set
\fBENABLE_DYNAMIC_HOSTS="Y"\fR in this file. If the server host
LIM receives the management host LIM announcement while it is
waiting, it does not call the management host LIM to add itself.
.sp 2
Specify a value up to 60 seconds for every 1000 hosts in the
cluster, for a maximum of 15 minutes. Selecting a smaller value
will result in a quicker response time for new hosts at the
expense of an increased load on the management host LIM.
.SH Example

.sp 2
\fRLSF_DYNAMIC_HOST_WAIT_TIME=60\fR
.sp 2
Hosts will wait 60 seconds from startup to receive an
acknowledgment from the management host LIM. If it does not
receive the acknowledgment within the 60 seconds, it will send a
request for the management host LIM to add it to the cluster.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Server host LIM waits forever
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_ENTITLEMENT_FILE\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_ENTITLEMENT_FILE=\fR\fIpath\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Full path to the LSF entitlement file. LSF uses the entitlement
to determine which feature set to enable or disable based on the
edition of the product. The entitlement file for LSF Standard
Edition is lsf_std_entitlement.dat. For LSF Express Edition, the
file is lsf_exp_entitlement.dat. For LSF Advanced Edition, the
file is lsf_adv_entitlement.dat. The entitlement file is
installed as <\fILSF_TOP\fR>/conf/lsf.entitlement.
.sp 2
You must download the entitlement file for the edition of the
product you are running, and set the \fBLSF_ENTITLEMENT_FILE\fR
parameter to the full path to the entitlement file you
downloaded.
.sp 2
After LSF is installed and running, run the lsid command to see
which edition of LSF is enabled.
.SH Example

.sp 2
\fBLSF_ENTITLEMENT_FILE=\fR/usr/share/lsf_distrib/lsf.entitlement
.SH Default

.sp 2
None - required variable
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_MASTER_LIST\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_MASTER_LIST="\fR\fIhost_name \fR[\fIhost_name
 ...\fR]\fR"\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Required for a first-time installation. List of LSF server hosts
to be management or management candidates in the cluster.
.sp 2
You must specify at least one valid server host to start the
cluster. The first host that is listed is the LSF management
host.
.sp 2
During upgrade, specify the existing value.
.SH Valid Values

.sp 2
LSF server host names
.SH Example

.sp 2
\fRLSF_MASTER_LIST="hosta hostb hostc hostd"\fR
.SH Default

.sp 2
None - required variable
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_QUIET_INST\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_QUIET_INST="Y"\fR | \fR"N"\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Enables quiet installation.
.sp 2
Set the value to \fRY\fR if you want to hide the LSF installation
messages.
.SH Example

.sp 2
\fRLSF_QUIET_INST="Y"\fR
.SH Default

.sp 2
N (installer displays messages during installation)
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_SILENT_INSTALL_TARLIST\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_SILENT_INSTALL_TARLIST="ALL" | "Package_Name ..." \fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
A string that contains all LSF package names to be installed.
This name list applies only to the silent installation mode.
Supports keywords \fRall\fR, \fRALL\fR, and \fRAll\fR, which can
install all packages in the directory that is specified by the
\fBLSF_TARDIR\fR parameter.
.sp 2
\fBLSF_SILENT_INSTALL_TARLIST=\fR\fR"ALL" |
"lsf10.110.1.0.9_linux2.6-glibc2.3-x86_64.tar.Z" \fR
.sp 2
\fBLSF_SILENT_INSTALL_TARLIST=\fR\fR"ALL" |
"lsf10.110.1.0.9_linux2.6-glibc2.3-x86_64.tar.Z" \fR
.SH Default

.sp 2
None
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_TARDIR\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_TARDIR="/\fR\fIpath\fR\fR"\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Full path to the directory that contains the LSF distribution TAR
files.
.SH Example

.sp 2
\fRLSF_TARDIR="/usr/share/lsf_distrib"\fR
.SH Default

.sp 2
The parent directory of the current working directory. For
example, if the lsfinstall command is running under the
usr/share/lsf_distrib/lsf_lsfinstall directory, the default value
of the \fBLSF_TARDIR\fR parameter is usr/share/lsf_distrib.
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_TOP\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_TOP="/\fR\fIpath\fR\fR"\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Required. Full path to the top level LSF installation directory.
.SH Valid Value

.sp 2
The path to the \fBLSF_TOP\fR directory must be shared and
accessible to all hosts in the cluster. It cannot be the root
directory (/). The file system that contains the \fBLSF_TOP\fR
directory must have enough disk space for all host types
(approximately 300 MB per host type).
.SH Example

.sp 2
\fRLSF_TOP="/usr/share/lsf"\fR
.SH Default

.sp 2
None - required variable
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBPATCH_BACKUP_DIR\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRPATCH_BACKUP_DIR="/\fR\fIpath\fR\fR"\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Full path to the patch backup directory. This parameter is used
when you install a new cluster for the first time, and is ignored
for all other cases.
.sp 2
The file system that contains the patch backup directory must
have sufficient disk space to back up your files, which is
approximately 400 MB per binary type if you want to be able to
install and roll back one enhancement pack and a few more fixes.
It cannot be the root directory (/).
.sp 2
If the directory exists, it must be writable by the cluster
administrator (\fRlsfadmin\fR).
.sp 2
If you need to change the directory after installation, edit the
\fBPATCH_BACKUP_DIR\fR parameter in the \fILSF_TOP\fR/patch.conf
directory and move the saved backup files to the new directory
manually.
.SH Example

.sp 2
\fRPATCH_BACKUP_DIR="/usr/share/lsf/patch/backup"\fR
.SH Default

.sp 2
LSF_TOP/patch/backup
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBPATCH_HISTORY_DIR\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRPATCH_HISTORY_DIR="/\fR\fIpath\fR\fR"\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Full path to the patch history directory. This parameter is used
when you install a new cluster for the first time, and is ignored
for all other cases.
.sp 2
It cannot be the root directory (/). If the directory exists, it
must be writable by \fRlsfadmin\fR.
.sp 2
The location is saved as the \fBPATCH_HISTORY_DIR\fR parameter in
the LSF_TOP/patch.conf directory. Do not change the directory
after installation.
.SH Example

.sp 2
PATCH_BACKUP_DIR="/usr/share/lsf/patch"
.SH Default

.sp 2
LSF_TOP/patch
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBSILENT_INSTALL\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRSILENT_INSTALL="Y"\fR | \fR"N"\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Enabling the silent installation (setting this parameter to
\fRY\fR) means that you want to do the silent installation and
accept the license agreement.
.SH Default

.sp 2
N