
.ad l

.TH lim.acct 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBlim.acct\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
The lim.acct file is the log file for the LSF Load Information
Manager (LIM). The lim.acct file contains host load information
that is collected and distributed by LIM.
.sp 2

.SH lim.acct structure

.sp 2
The first line of lim.acct contains a list of load index names
that are separated by spaces. The default list is \fRr15s r1m
r15m ut pg ls it swp mem tmp\fR. Subsequent lines in the file
contain the host’s load information at the time the information
was recorded.
.SH Fields

.sp 2
Fields are ordered in the following sequence:
.sp 2
\fBtime (%ld) \fR
.br
         The time when the load information is written to the log
         file.
.sp 2
\fBhost name (%s) \fR
.br
         The name of the host.
.sp 2
\fBstatus of host (%d) \fR
.br
         An array of integers. The first integer marks the
         operation status of the host. Remaining integers are
         used as a bitmap to indicate load status of the host. An
         integer can be used for 32 load indices. If the number
         of user-defined load indices is not more than 21, only
         one integer is used for both built-in load indices and
         external load indices. See the hostload structure in
         \fRls_load(3)\fR for the description of these fields.
.sp 2
\fBindexvalue (%f) \fR
.br
         A sequence of load index values. Each value corresponds
         to the index name in the first line of lim.acct. The
         order in which the index values are listed is the same
         as the order of the index names.
.sp 2
Parent topic: Configuration files