
.ad l

.TH lsb.threshold 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBlsb.threshold\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
The lsb.threshold configuration file defines energy-saving and
CPU frequency policies. This file is optional.
.sp 2

.sp 2
The threshold file (lsb.threshold) is available at the location
specified by the parameter \fBPERFORMANCE_THRESHOLD_FILE\fR in
the lsb.params file. The default location is
$LSF_ENVDIR/lsbatch/cluster_name/configdir/lsb.threshold.
.sp 2
The threshold file has the following parts:
.sp 2
\fBMinimize energy policy\fR
.br
         The purpose of this policy is to save energy. With this
         policy, LSF will select a frequency that is equal to or
         less than the default CPU frequency and the time
         variation is equal to or less than the threshold value,
         which can save the most energy. The value should be a
         positive value or 0. The default threshold value is 0.
.sp 2
\fBMinimize time policy\fR
.br
         The purpose of this policy is to improve performance.
         The value must be a negative value. This policy allows
         the job to run at a frequency that is higher than the
         default frequency. The policy is only available when the
         default frequency is less than the nominal frequency.
.sp 2
         LSF only considers the frequency range that is higher
         than the default frequency. When a job runs with this
         policy, LSF checks the time variation from the nominal
         to the default frequency. The frequency is used for the
         job when the time variation is less than or equal to the
         corresponding threshold value (the absolute value of
         time variation is large than or equal to corresponding
         threshold’s absolute value); otherwise, LSF checks the
         next frequency.
.sp 2
         The job will run in the default frequency when there is
         no frequency that matches the specified threshold value.
         You must specify at least one frequency value that is
         larger than the default CPU frequency and less than or
         equal to the maximum available frequency. The available
         frequency list is available at
         /sys/devices/system/cpu/cpu*/cpufreq/scaling_available_frequencies.
         If it is not in the available frequency list, the
         frequency will be ignored. For other frequencies larger
         than the default CPU frequency, LSF automatically
         calculates the value based on the difference of default
         frequency and defined frequency. LSF will calculate the
         increase between each frequency and use that to get all
         frequencies that are larger than the default CPU
         frequency.
.sp 2
The following is an example lsb.threshold file:
.sp 2
# Copyright International Business Machines Corp,1993-2006, 2013
.br
#....
.br
# Minimize energy policy
.br
#.....
.br
Begin Min_Energy
.br
THRESHOLD_RUNTIME_VAR = 10
.br
End  Min_Energy
.br
#
.br
# Minimize run time policy
.br
#...
.br
Begin Min_Time
.br
CPU_FREQ       RUNTIME_VAR
.br
2100000KHz     -2      
.br
2200000KHz     -4
.br
2300000KHz     -9
.br
2400000KHz     -12
.br
2500000KHz     -15
.br
2700000KHz     -20
.br
End Min_Time
.sp 2
Example definitions are commented with a pound sign (\fR#\fR) in
the sample lsb.threshold file. Remove the \fR#\fR to enter your
own values for the example definitions. If no lines are
uncommented, default values will be used for all definitions.
.sp 2
Parent topic: Configuration files