
.ad l

.TH lsb.serviceclasses 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBlsb.serviceclasses\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
The lsb.serviceclasses file defines the service-level agreements
(SLAs) in an LSF cluster as \fIservice classes\fR, which define
the properties of the SLA.
.sp 2
This file is optional.
.sp 2
You can configure as many service class sections as you need.
.sp 2
Use bsla to display the properties of service classes configured
in lsb.serviceclasses and dynamic information about the state of
each configured service class.
.sp 2
By default, lsb.serviceclasses is installed in
LSB_CONFDIR/\fIcluster_name\fR/configdir.
.SH Changing lsb.serviceclasses configuration

.sp 2
After making any changes to lsb.serviceclasses, run badmin
reconfig to reconfigure mbatchd.
.SH lsb.serviceclasses structure

.sp 2
Each service class definition begins with the line Begin
ServiceClass and ends with the line End ServiceClass.
.SH Syntax

.sp 2
Begin ServiceClass
.br
NAME           = string
.br
PRIORITY       = integer
.br
GOALS          = [throughput | velocity | deadline] [\...]
.br
CONTROL_ACTION = VIOLATION_PERIOD[minutes] CMD [action]
.br
USER_GROUP     = all | [user_name] [user_group] ...
.br
DESCRIPTION    = text
.br

.br
End ServiceClass
.br

.br
Begin ServiceClass
.sp 2
NAME           = string
.br
GOALS          = guarantee
.br
ACCESS_CONTROL = [QUEUES[ queue ...]] [USERS[ [user_name] [user_group] ...]] 
.br
[FAIRSHARE_GROUPS[user_group ...]] [APPS[app_name ...]] 
.br
[PROJECTS[proj_name...]] 
.br
AUTO_ATTACH = Y | y | N | n
.br
DESCRIPTION    = text
.br

.br
End ServiceClass
.br

.br

.sp 2
You must specify:
.sp 2
*  
   Service class name
.sp 2
*  
   Goals
.sp 2
Service classes with guarantee goals cannot have \fBPRIORITY\fR,
\fBCONTROL_ACTION\fR or \fBUSER_GROUP\fR defined.
.sp 2
To configure EGO-enabled SLA scheduling, you must specify an
existing EGO consumer name to allow the SLA to get host
allocations from EGO.
.sp 2
All other parameters are optional.
.SH Example

.sp 2
Begin ServiceClass 
.br

.br
NAME=Sooke
.br
PRIORITY=20
.br
GOALS=[DEADLINE timeWindow (8:30-16:00)] 
.br
DESCRIPTION="working hours"
.br

.br
End ServiceClass
.br

.br
Begin ServiceClass 
.br
NAME=Newmarket 
.br
GOALS=[GUARANTEE] 
.br
ACCESS_CONTROL = QUEUES[batch] FAIRSHARE_GROUPS[team2]
.br
AUTO_ATTACH = Y
.br
DESCRIPTION="guarantee for team2 batch jobs" 
.br

.br
End ServiceClass
.br

.br

.br

.SH Parameters

.sp 2
*  
   ACCESS_CONTROL
.sp 2
*  
   AUTO_ATTACH
.sp 2
*  
   CONSUMER
.sp 2
*  
   CONTROL_ACTION
.sp 2
*  
   DESCRIPTION
.sp 2
*  
   EGO_RES_REQ
.sp 2
*  
   EGO_RESOURCE_GROUP
.sp 2
*  
   GOALS
.sp 2
*  
   MAX_HOST_IDLE_TIME
.sp 2
*  
   NAME
.sp 2
*  
   PRIORITY
.sp 2
*  
   USER_GROUP
.sp 2
Parent topic: Configuration files
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBACCESS_CONTROL\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRACCESS_CONTROL=\fR[\fR\fBQUEUES\fR[\fR\fIqueue\fR ...\fR]\fR]
[\fR\fBUSERS\fR[\fR [\fIuser_name\fR] [\fIuser_group\fR]
 ...\fR]\fR] [\fR\fBFAIRSHARE_GROUPS\fR[\fR\fIuser_group\fR
 ...\fR]\fR] [\fR\fBAPPS\fR[\fR\fIapp_name\fR ...\fR]\fR]
[\fR\fBPROJECTS\fR[\fR\fIproj_name\fR...\fR]\fR]
[\fR\fBLIC_PROJECTS\fR[\fR\fIlic_proj\fR...\fR]\fR]
.SH Description

.sp 2
Guarantee SLAs (with \fRGOALS=[GUARANTEE]\fR) only.
.sp 2
Restricts access to a guarantee SLA. If more than one restriction
is configured, all must be satisfied.
.sp 2
*  
   \fBQUEUES\fR restricts access to the queues listed; the queue
   is specified for jobs at submission using bsub -q.
.sp 2
*  
   \fBUSERS\fR restricts access to jobs submitted by the users or
   user groups specified.
.sp 2
   User names must be valid login names. To specify a Windows
   user account, include the domain name in uppercase letters
   (\fIDOMAIN_NAME\user_name\fR).User group names can be LSF user
   groups or UNIX and Windows user groups. To specify a Windows
   user group, include the domain name in uppercase letters
   (\fIDOMAIN_NAME\user_group\fR).
.sp 2
*  
   \fBFAIRSHARE_GROUPS\fR restricts access to the fairshare
   groups listed; the fairshare group is specified for jobs at
   submission using bsub -G.
.sp 2
*  
   \fBAPPS\fR restricts access to the application profiles
   listed; the application profile is specified for jobs at
   submission using bsub -app.
.sp 2
*  
   \fBPROJECTS\fR restricts access to the projects listed; the
   project is specified for jobs at submission using bsub -P.
.SH Example

.sp 2
ACCESS_CONTROL = QUEUES[normal short] USERS[ug1]
.br

.sp 2
Jobs submitted to the queues normal or short by users in
usergroup ug1 are the only jobs accepted by the guarantee SLA.
.SH Default

.sp 2
None. Access to the guarantee SLA is not restricted.
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBAUTO_ATTACH\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRAUTO_ATTACH=Y | y | N | n\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Guarantee SLAs (with \fRGOALS=[GUARANTEE]\fR) only. Used with
\fBACCESS_CONTROL\fR.
.sp 2
Enabling \fBAUTO_ATTACH\fR when a guarantee SLA has
\fBACCESS_CONTROL\fR configured results in submitted jobs
automatically attaching to the guarantee SLA if they have access.
If a job can access multiple guarantee SLAs with
\fBAUTO_ATTACH\fR enabled, the job is automatically attached to
the first accessible SLA based on configuration order in the
lsb.serviceclasses file.
.sp 2
During restart or reconfiguration, automatic attachments to
guarantee SLAs are checked and jobs may be attached to a
different SLA. During live reconfiguration (using the bconf
command) automatic attachments are not checked, and jobs remain
attached to the same guarantee SLAs regardless of configuration
changes.
.SH Example

.sp 2
Begin ServiceClass
.br
 ...
.br

.br
NAME = Maple
.br
GOALS = [GUARANTEE]
.br
ACCESS_CONTROL = QUEUES[priority] USERS[ug1]
.br
AUTO_ATTACH = Y
.br

.br
 ...
.br
End ServiceClass
.sp 2
All jobs submitted to the priority queue by users in user group
ug1 and submitted without an SLA specified are automatically
attached to the service class Maple.
.SH Default

.sp 2
N
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBCONSUMER\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRCONSUMER=\fR\fIego_consumer_name\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
For EGO-enabled SLA service classes, the name of the EGO consumer
from which hosts are allocated to the SLA. This parameter is not
mandatory, but must be configured for the SLA to receive hosts
from EGO.
.sp 2
Guarantee SLAs (with \fRGOALS=[GUARANTEE]\fR) cannot have
\fBCONSUMER\fR set. If defined, it will be ignored.
.sp 2
\fBImportant: \fRCONSUMER must specify the name of a valid
consumer in EGO. If a default SLA is configured with
ENABLE_DEFAULT_EGO_SLA in lsb.params, all services classes
configured in lsb.serviceclasses must specify a consumer name.
.SH Default

.sp 2
None
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBCONTROL_ACTION\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRCONTROL_ACTION=\fBVIOLATION_PERIOD\fR[\fR\fIminutes\fR\fB]
\fBCMD\fB [\fR\fIaction\fR\fR]\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Optional. Configures a control action to be run if the SLA goal
is delayed for a specified number of minutes.
.sp 2
If the SLA goal is delayed for longer than VIOLATION_PERIOD, the
action specified by CMD is invoked. The violation period is reset
and if the SLA is still active when the violation period expires
again, the action runs again. If the SLA has multiple active
goals that are in violation, the action is run for each of them.
.sp 2
Guarantee SLAs (with \fRGOALS=[GUARANTEE]\fR) cannot have
\fBCONTROL_ACTION\fR set. If defined, it will be ignored.
.SH Example

.sp 2
CONTROL_ACTION=VIOLATION_PERIOD[10] CMD [echo `date`: SLA is in violation >> 
.br
! /tmp/sla_violation.log]
.SH Default

.sp 2
None
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBDESCRIPTION\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRDESCRIPTION\fR=\fItext\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Optional. Description of the service class. Use bsla to display
the description text.
.sp 2
This description should clearly describe the features of the
service class to help users select the proper service class for
their jobs.
.sp 2
The text can include any characters, including white space. The
text can be extended to multiple lines by ending the preceding
line with a backslash (\).
.SH Default

.sp 2
None
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBEGO_RES_REQ\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fREGO_RES_REQ=\fR\fIres_req\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
For EGO-enabled SLA service classes, the EGO resource requirement
that specifies the characteristics of the hosts that EGO will
assign to the SLA.
.sp 2
Must be a valid EGO resource requirement. The EGO resource
requirement string supports the select section, but the format is
different from LSF resource requirements.
.sp 2
Guarantee SLAs (with \fRGOALS=[GUARANTEE]\fR) cannot have
\fBEGO_RES_REQ\fR set. If defined, it will be ignored.
.sp 2
\fBNote: \fRAfter changing this parameter, running jobs using the
allocation may be re-queued.
.SH Example

.sp 2
EGO_RES_REQ=select(linux && maxmem > 100)
.SH Default

.sp 2
None
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBEGO_RESOURCE_GROUP\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fREGO_RESOURCE_GROUP=\fR\fIego resource group name\fR or a blank
separated group list
.SH Description

.sp 2
For EGO-enabled SLA service classes. A resource group or
space-separated list of resource groups from which hosts are
allocated to the SLA.
.sp 2
List must be a subset of or equal to the resource groups
allocated to the consumer defined by the \fBCONSUMER\fR entry.
.sp 2
Guarantee SLAs (with \fRGOALS=[GUARANTEE]\fR) cannot have
\fBEGO_RESOURCE_GROUP\fR set. If defined, it will be ignored.
.sp 2
\fBNote: \fRAfter changing this parameter, running jobs using the
allocation may be re-queued.
.SH Example

.sp 2
EGO_RESOURCE_GROUP=resource_group1 resource_group4 resource_group5
.SH Default

.sp 2
Undefined (vemkd determines which resource groups to allocate
slots to LSF).
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBGOALS\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRGOALS=[\fR\fIthroughput\fR | \fIvelocity\fR |
\fIdeadline\fR\fR]\fR [\fR\\fR
.sp 2
\fR[\fR\fIthroughput\fR | \fIvelocity\fR | \fIdeadline\fR\fR]\fR
 ...]
.sp 2
\fRGOALS=[\fR\fIguarantee\fR\fR]\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
\fIRequired.\fR Defines the service-level goals for the service
class. A service class can have more than one goal, each active
at different times of the day and days of the week. Outside of
the time window, the SLA is inactive and jobs are scheduled as if
no service class is defined. LSF does not enforce any
service-level goal for an inactive SLA.
.sp 2
\fBNote: \fRThe throughput, velocity, and deadline goals are
deprecated and might be removed in a future release. Only the
guarantee goals are supported.
.sp 2
The time windows of multiple service-level goals can overlap. In
this case, the largest number of jobs is run.
.sp 2
An active SLA can have a status of On time if it is meeting the
goal, and a status Delayed, if it is missing its goals.
.sp 2
A service-level goal defines:
.sp 2
\fIthroughput\fR - expressed as \fIfinished\fR jobs per hour and
an optional time window when the goal is active. \fIthroughput\fR
has the form:
.sp 2
GOALS=[THROUGHPUT num_jobs timeWindow [(time_window)]]
.br

.sp 2
If no time window is configured, THROUGHPUT can be the only goal
in the service class. The service class is always active, and
bsla displays \fRACTIVE WINDOW: Always Open\fR.
.sp 2
\fIvelocity\fR - expressed as \fIconcurrently\fR running jobs and
an optional time window when the goal is active. \fIvelocity\fR
has the form:
.sp 2
GOALS=[VELOCITY num_jobs timeWindow [(time_window)]]
.br

.sp 2
If no time window is configured, VELOCITY can be the only goal in
the service class. The service class is always active, and bsla
displays \fRACTIVE WINDOW: Always Open\fR.
.sp 2
\fIdeadline\fR - indicates that all jobs in the service class
should complete by the end of the specified time window. The time
window is required for a deadline goal. \fIdeadline\fR has the
form:
.sp 2
GOALS=[DEADLINE timeWindow (time_window)]
.br

.sp 2
\fIguarantee\fR - indicates the SLA has guaranteed resources
defined in lsb.resources and is able to guarantee resources,
depending on the scavenging policies configured. Guarantee goals
cannot be combined with any other goals, and do not accept time
windows.
.sp 2
GOALS=[GUARANTEE]
.br

.sp 2
\fBRestriction: \fREGO-enabled SLA service classes only support
velocity goals. Deadline, throughput, and guarantee goals are not
supported. The configured velocity value for EGO-enabled SLA
service classes is considered to be a \fIminimum\fR number of
jobs that should be in run state from the SLA
.SH Time window format

.sp 2
The time window of an SLA goal has the standard form:
.sp 2
begin_time-end_time
.br

.sp 2
Times are specified in the format:
.sp 2
[day:]hour[:minute]
.br

.sp 2
where all fields are numbers with the following ranges:
.sp 2
*  \fIday of the week\fR: 0-6 (0 is Sunday)
.sp 2
*  \fIhour\fR: 0-23
.sp 2
*  \fIminute\fR: 0-59
.sp 2
Specify a time window one of the following ways:
.sp 2
*  \fIhour\fR-\fIhour\fR
.sp 2
*  \fIhour\fR:\fIminute\fR-\fIhour\fR:\fIminute\fR
.sp 2
*  \fIday\fR:\fIhour\fR:\fIminute\fR-\fIday\fR:\fIhour\fR:\fIminute\fR
.sp 2
The default value for minute is 0 (on the hour); the default
value for day is every day of the week.
.sp 2
You must specify at least the hour. Day of the week and minute
are optional. Both the start time and end time values must use
the same syntax. If you do not specify a minute, LSF assumes the
first minute of the hour (\fR:00\fR). If you do not specify a
day, LSF assumes every day of the week. If you do specify the
day, you must also specify the minute.
.sp 2
You can specify multiple time windows, but they cannot overlap.
For example:
.sp 2
timeWindow(8:00-14:00 18:00-22:00)
.br

.sp 2
is correct, but
.sp 2
timeWindow(8:00-14:00 11:00-15:00)
.br

.sp 2
is not valid.
.sp 2
\fBTip: \fRTo configure a time window that is always open, use
the timeWindow keyword with empty parentheses.
.SH Examples

.sp 2
GOALS=[THROUGHPUT 2 timeWindow ()]
.br

.sp 2
GOALS=[THROUGHPUT 10 timeWindow (8:30-16:30)]
.br

.sp 2
GOALS=[VELOCITY 5 timeWindow ()]
.br

.sp 2
GOALS=[DEADLINE timeWindow (16:30-8:30)] [VELOCITY 10 timeWindow (8:30-16:30)]
.sp 2
GOALS=[GUARANTEE]
.br

.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBMAX_HOST_IDLE_TIME\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRMAX_HOST_IDLE_TIME=\fR\fIseconds\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
For EGO-enabled SLA service classes, number of seconds that the
SLA will hold its idle hosts before LSF releases them to EGO.
Each SLA can configure a different idle time. Do not set this
parameter to a small value, or LSF may release hosts too quickly.
.sp 2
Guarantee SLAs (with \fRGOALS=[GUARANTEE]\fR) cannot have
\fBMAX_HOST_IDLE_TIME\fR set. If defined, it will be ignored.
.SH Default

.sp 2
120 seconds
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBNAME\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRNAME\fR=\fIstring\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
\fIRequired.\fR A unique name that identifies the service class.
.sp 2
Specify any ASCII string 60 characters or less. You can use
letters, digits, underscores (_) or dashes (-). You cannot use
blank spaces.
.sp 2
\fBImportant: \fR
.sp 2
The name you use cannot be the same as an existing host
partition, user group name, or fairshare queue name.
.SH Example

.sp 2
NAME=Tofino
.br

.SH Default

.sp 2
None. You must provide a unique name for the service class.
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBPRIORITY\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRPRIORITY\fR=\fIinteger\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
\fIRequired (time-based SLAs only).\fR The service class
priority. A higher value indicates a higher priority, relative to
other service classes. Similar to queue priority, service classes
access the cluster resources in priority order.
.sp 2
LSF schedules jobs from one service class at a time, starting
with the highest-priority service class. If multiple service
classes have the same priority, LSF runs all the jobs from these
service classes in first-come, first-served order.
.sp 2
Service class priority in LSF is completely independent of the
UNIX scheduler’s priority system for time-sharing processes. In
LSF, the NICE parameter is used to set the UNIX time-sharing
priority for batch jobs.
.sp 2
Guarantee SLAs (with \fRGOALS=[GUARANTEE]\fR) cannot have
\fBPRIORITY\fR set. If defined, it will be ignored.
.SH Default

.sp 2
None.
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBUSER_GROUP\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRUSER_GROUP=\fRall | [\fIuser_name\fR] [\fIuser_group\fR] ...
.SH Description

.sp 2
Optional. A space-separated list of user names or user groups who
can submit jobs to the service class. Administrators, root, and
all users or groups listed can use the service class.
.sp 2
Use the reserved word all to specify all LSF users. LSF cluster
administrators are automatically included in the list of users,
so LSF cluster administrators can submit jobs to any service
class, or switch any user’s jobs into this service class, even if
they are not listed.
.sp 2
If user groups are specified in lsb.users, each user in the group
can submit jobs to this service class. If a group contains a
subgroup, the service class policy applies to each member in the
subgroup recursively. If the group can define fairshare among its
members, the SLA defined by the service class enforces the
fairshare policy among the users of the SLA.
.sp 2
User names must be valid login names. User group names can be LSF
user groups (in lsb.users) or UNIX and Windows user groups.
.sp 2
Guarantee SLAs (with \fRGOALS=[GUARANTEE]\fR) cannot have
\fBUSER_GROUP\fR set. If defined, it will be ignored.
.SH Example

.sp 2
USER_GROUP=user1 user2 ugroup1
.br

.SH Default

.sp 2
all (all users in the cluster can submit jobs to the service
class)
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBExamples\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
*  
   The resource-based service class AccountingSLA guarantees
   hosts to the user group accountingUG for jobs submitted to the
   queue longjobs. Jobs submitted to this queue by this usergroup
   without an SLA specified will be automatically attached to the
   SLA. The guaranteed resource pools used by the SLA are
   configured in lsb.resources.
.sp 2
   Begin ServiceClass 
.br
   
.br
   NAME=AccountingSLA 
.br
   GOALS=[GUARANTEE] 
.br
   DESCRIPTION="Guaranteed hosts for the accounting department" 
.br
   ACCESS_CONTROL = QUEUES[longjobs] USERS[accountingUG]
.br
   AUTO_ATTACH = Y
.br
   
.br
   End ServiceClass
.br
   
.br

.sp 2
*  
   The service class \fRSooke\fR defines one deadline goal that
   is active during working hours between 8:30 AM and 4:00 PM.
   All jobs in the service class should complete by the end of
   the specified time window. Outside of this time window, the
   SLA is inactive and jobs are scheduled without any goal being
   enforced:
.sp 2
   Begin ServiceClass 
.br
   
.br
   NAME=Sooke
.br
   PRIORITY=20 
.br
   GOALS=[DEADLINE timeWindow (8:30-16:00)] 
.br
   DESCRIPTION="working hours" 
.br
   
.br
   End ServiceClass
.br
   
.br

.sp 2
*  
   The service class \fRNanaimo\fR defines a deadline goal that
   is active during the weekends and at nights.
.sp 2
   Begin ServiceClass 
.br
   
.br
   NAME=Nanaimo 
.br
   PRIORITY=20 
.br
   GOALS=[DEADLINE timeWindow (5:18:00-1:8:30 20:00-8:30)] 
.br
   DESCRIPTION="weekend nighttime regression tests" 
.br
   
.br
   End ServiceClass
.br
   
.br

.sp 2
*  
   The service class \fRSidney\fR defines a throughput goal of 6
   jobs per hour that is always active:
.sp 2
   Begin ServiceClass 
.br
   
.br
   NAME=Sidney
.br
   PRIORITY=20 
.br
   GOALS=[THROUGHPUT 6 timeWindow ()] 
.br
   DESCRIPTION="constant throughput" 
.br
   
.br
   End ServiceClass
.br
   
.br

.sp 2
*  
   The service class \fRTofino\fR defines two velocity goals in a
   24 hour period. The first goal is to have a maximum of 10
   concurrently running jobs during business hours (9:00 a.m. to
   5:00 p.m). The second goal is a maximum of 30 concurrently
   running jobs during off-hours (5:30 p.m. to 8:30 a.m.)
.sp 2
   Begin ServiceClass 
.br
   
.br
   NAME=Tofino 
.br
   PRIORITY=20 
.br
   GOALS=[VELOCITY 10 timeWindow (9:00-17:00)] [VELOCITY 30 timeWindow (17:30-8:30)]
.br
   DESCRIPTION="day and night velocity" 
.br
   
.br
   End ServiceClass
.br
   
.br

.sp 2
*  
   The service class \fRDuncan\fR defines a velocity goal that is
   active during working hours (9:00 a.m. to 5:30 p.m.) and a
   deadline goal that is active during off-hours (5:30 p.m. to
   9:00 a.m.) Only users \fRuser1\fR and \fRuser2\fR can submit
   jobs to this service class.
.sp 2
   Begin ServiceClass 
.br
   
.br
   NAME=Duncan
.br
   PRIORITY=23 
.br
   USER_GROUP=user1 user2 
.br
   GOALS=[VELOCITY 8 timeWindow (9:00-17:30)] [DEADLINE timeWindow (17:30-9:00)]
.br
   DESCRIPTION="Daytime/Nighttime SLA" 
.br
   
.br
   End ServiceClass
.br
   
.br

.sp 2
*  
   The service class \fRTevere\fR defines a combination similar
   to \fRDuncan\fR, but with a deadline goal that takes effect
   overnight and on weekends. During the working hours in
   weekdays the velocity goal favors a mix of short and medium
   jobs.
.sp 2
   Begin ServiceClass 
.br
   
.br
   NAME=Tevere 
.br
   PRIORITY=20 
.br
   GOALS=[VELOCITY 100 timeWindow (9:00-17:00)] [DEADLINE timeWindow (17:30-8:30 5:17:30-1:8:30)] 
.br
   DESCRIPTION="nine to five"
.br
   
.br
   End ServiceClass