
.ad l

.TH lsb.reasons 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBlsb.reasons\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
The lsb.reasons file allows for individual configuration of
pending reason messages. This enables administrators to make
messages clear and may inform users on which action they may take
to allow the job to run. Messages may be customized for one or
more pending reasons as well as priority given to particular
resources.
.sp 2
This file is optional. It is installed by default in
config/lsbatch/\fI<cluster_name>\fR/configdir/lsb.reasons.
.sp 2
After making any changes to lsb.reasons, run badmin reconfig
.sp 2
Parent topic: Configuration files
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fB#INCLUDE\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fR#INCLUDE\fR \fR"path-to-file"\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Inserts a configuration setting from another file to the current
location. Use this directive to dedicate control of a portion of
the configuration to other users or user groups by providing
write access for the included file to specific users or user
groups, and to ensure consistency of configuration file settings
in different clusters (if you are using the LSF multicluster
capability).
.sp 2
See more information on shared configuration file content in
Administering IBM Spectrum LSF
.sp 2
\fR#INCLUDE\fR can be inserted anywhere in the local
configuration file.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined.
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBCustomPendingReason section\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Configurable message for one or more pending reasons

.sp 2
In the lsb.reasons configuration file, each CustomPendingReason
section may be configured with a message to describe one or more
pending reason messages. The pending reason messages are
identified with a REASON_ID number. All pending reasons and their
associated ID numbers are included at the end of the lsb.reasons
file. Both main reasons and host pending reasons can be specified
in the REASON_ID list.
.SH Configurable message and priority for a particular resource

.sp 2
To allow users to highlight key resources, lsb.reasons can be
used to prioritize the pending reason for particular resources in
the cluster and a custom message can be shown when those
resources are unavailable. For example, in many cases, software
licenses are the most critical or are scarce resources. If a job
is pending due to the lack of a license, any other reasons do not
matter. However, access to hardware, a specific critical license,
or some other resource may be the most relevant reason to the
user community. For these resources, it may be preferable to
specify something more informative than "Job\(aqs requirements for
reserving resource (xyz) not satisfied". Resources that are
configured with a priority in lsb.reasons always have higher
priority than those not configured in lsb.reasons. If a resource
is only configured with a message, it shares the same priority
with those resources not configured in lsb.reasons. In
lsb.reasons, at least one of MESSAGE or PRIORITY must be
specified when defining the custom pending reason for a resource.
In the following example, three resources (emu_a, lic_a, and gpu)
are configured with a customized message and a priority. If a job
requested all three resources, and not all of these requirements
could be met by a host, the message <\fRNo Type A emulators
available\fR> would be shown for the pending job as emu_a has the
highest priority.
.sp 2
Begin CustomPendingReason
.br
RESOURCE=emu_a
.br
MESSAGE=No type A emulators available
.br
PRIORITY=107
.br
End CustomPendingReason
.br
 
.br
Begin CustomPendingReason
.br
RESOURCE=lic_a
.br
MESSAGE=No license for SimWorkBench
.br
PRIORITY=10
.br
End CustomPendingReason
.br

.br
Begin CustomPendingReason
.br
RESOURCE=gpu
.br
MESSAGE=All GPUs are in use
.br
PRIORITY=5
.br
End CustomPendingReason
.SH Interaction

.sp 2
A custom message for a resource takes priority over a custom
message for pending reason.
.SH Support for the LSF multicluster capabilityLSF multicluster capability

.sp 2
When using the LSF multicluster capability, if both the
submission cluster and the execution cluster have a custom
pending reason message configured, the message is shown according
to the submission cluster configuration. If both the submission
cluster and the execution cluster have priority for a resource
configured, the priority of the resource in the execution cluster
applies to the selection of the single reason.