
.ad l

.TH lsb.globalpolicies 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBlsb.globalpolicies \fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
This configuration file defines global policies for multiple
clusters.
.sp 2
This file is optional. It is installed by default in
LSB_CONFDIR/cluster_name/configdir.
.sp 2
   GlobalFairshare section
.br
   Defines global fairshare policies for multiple clusters.
.sp 2
   Limit section
.br
   Defines global limits for multiple clusters.
.sp 2
Parent topic: Configuration files
.ad l

.TH lsb.globalpolicies 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBGlobalFairshare section \fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Defines global fairshare policies for multiple clusters.
.sp 2

.sp 2
Each global fairshare policy definition begins with the line
\fRBegin GlobalFairshare\fR and ends with the line \fREnd
GlobalFairshare\fR. The policy name (\fBNAME\fR) and participants
(\fBPARTICIPANTS\fR) must be specified. All other parameters are
optional.
.sp 2
After making any changes to lsb.globalpolicies, run badmin
gpdrestart to reconfigure the global policy daemon.
.sp 2
The following is the template for this configuration file:
.sp 2
# Begin GlobalFairshare
.br
# NAME = policy1
.br
# PARTICIPANTS = queue1@cluster1 queue1@cluster2 queue1@cluster3
.br
# SYNC_MODE = all
.br
# SYNC_INTERVAL = 30
.br
# DESCRIPTION = A global fairshare policy
.br
# End GlobalFairshare
.sp 2
Each line is described in the following subsections.
.sp 2
   DESCRIPTION
.br

.sp 2
   NAME
.br

.sp 2
   PARTICIPANTS
.br

.sp 2
   SYNC_INTERVAL
.br

.sp 2
   SYNC_MODE
.br

.sp 2
Parent topic: lsb.globalpolicies

.ad l

.TH lsb.globalpolicies 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBDESCRIPTION \fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRDESCRIPTION=text\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Description of the global fairshare policy.
.sp 2
The description should clearly describe the service features of
the global fairshare.
.sp 2
The text can include any characters, including white space. The
text can be extended to multiple lines by ending the preceding
line with a backslash (\). The maximum length for the text is 512
characters.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined.
.sp 2
Parent topic: GlobalFairshare section

.ad l

.TH lsb.globalpolicies 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBNAME \fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRNAME=string\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Mandatory. Provide a unique name for the global fairshare policy.
.sp 2
Specify any ASCII string up to 60 characters long. You can use
letters, digits, underscores (_), dashes (-) and periods (.) in
the name.
.sp 2
all is reserved as a keyword.
.SH Default

.sp 2
You must specify this parameter to define a global fairshare
policy. LSF does not automatically assign a default global
fairshare policy name.
.sp 2
Parent topic: GlobalFairshare section

.ad l

.TH lsb.globalpolicies 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBPARTICIPANTS \fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRPARTICIPANTS=queue@cluster ...\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Mandatory. Define queues for the clusters that participate in the
global fairshare policy.
.sp 2
Only the parent queue can be configured for user-based cross
queue fairshare. The queue name and the cluster name must not
include the @ character. A cluster can only have one queue. If
\fBPARTICIPANTS\fR is “q1@cluster1 q2@cluster1”, q2@cluster1 will
be ignored.
.sp 2
A participant can only participate in one global fairshare
policy. If the participant is already participating in another
global fairshare policy, it is ignored in the current global
fairshare policy.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined.
.sp 2
Parent topic: GlobalFairshare section

.ad l

.TH lsb.globalpolicies 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBSYNC_INTERVAL \fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRSYNC_INTERVAL=seconds\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Time interval, in seconds, for which the gpolicyd and mbatchd
exchange fairshare load information.
.sp 2
The time interval ranges from 5 seconds to 3600 seconds. If the
specified value is out of range, the default value is used.
.SH Default

.sp 2
30 seconds.
.sp 2
Parent topic: GlobalFairshare section

.ad l

.TH lsb.globalpolicies 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBSYNC_MODE \fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRBSWITCH_SYNC_MODE=all|partial\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Defines which share accounts in the fairshare tree of each
participant will participate into the global fairshare policy.
.sp 2
*  
   all: If defined, all participants synchronize fairshare load
   for the whole fairshare tree.
.sp 2
*  
   partial: If defined, depends on the configuration of the
   \fBFS_POLICY\fR setting in lsb.users for each cluster. Not all
   user share accounts in the fairshare tree will synchronize
   fairshare load globally. Only the defined fairshare node needs
   global synchronization.
.SH Default

.sp 2
all
.sp 2
Parent topic: GlobalFairshare section

.ad l

.TH lsb.globalpolicies 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLimit section \fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Defines global limits for multiple clusters.
.sp 2

.sp 2
Each global limit definition begins with the line \fRBegin
Limit\fR and ends with the line \fREnd Limit\fR. The Limit
section sets limits for the maximum amount of the specified
resources that must be available for different classes of jobs to
start, and to which resource consumers that the limits apply.
.sp 2
After making any changes to lsb.globalpolicies, run badmin
gpdrestart to reconfigure the global policy daemon.
.sp 2
\fBTip: \fRFor limits to be enforced, jobs must specify rusage
resource requirements (bsub -R or RES_REQ in lsb.queues).
.sp 2
The blimits command displays view current usage of resource
allocation limits configured in \fBLimit\fR sections in
lsb.globalpolicies.
.sp 2
The syntax for specifying global resource allocation limits is
the same as specifying local resource allocation limits in the
\fBLimit\fR sections of the lsb.resources file.
.sp 2
LSF does not validate the names of items on which limits are
enforced because the global policy daemon (gpolicyd) does not
have this detailed information globally. These items include
application profiles (\fBAPPS\fR), queues (\fBQUEUES\fR), users
(\fBUSERS\fR), projects (\fBPROJECTS\fR), and LSF License
Scheduler projects (\fBLIC_PROJECTS\fR). gpolicyd checks the
names of these items in the scheduling session and ignores limits
for any items that are not available in the local cluster. For
example, if the \fRuserA\fR user does not exist in one cluster,
the global limits for \fRuserA\fR do not affect this cluster.
However, all resources that are defined in the \fBLimit\fR
sections must be defined in the cluster on which gpolicyd is
running because gpolicyd uses these resources to define the
resource type.
.sp 2
\fBNote: \fR
.sp 2
*  There might be conflicts when allocating the available
   allocation limit to different clusters. Global limit
   scheduling might allow conflicts to occur temporarily between
   clusters. After an overcommitted job is done, the global
   limits can return. If the \fBRELAX_JOB_DISPATCH_ORDER\fR
   parameter in the lsb.params file is enabled in the cluster,
   the allocation can be reused by other jobs, and the resource
   conflicts can remain in place for a longer period of time.
.sp 2
*  Global limits are evenly divided between different clusters,
   without any fairness considerations. Larger jobs that require
   a large share of the resource allocation might pend if that
   amount is larger than the per-cluster limit.
.sp 2
   For example, if the \fRres1\fR resource has a global limit of
   12 units among three clusters (4 per cluster), a job that
   requires 5 units of the \fRres1\fR resource pends because this
   is larger than the per-cluster limit.
.sp 2
The Limit section sets limits for the maximum amount of the
specified resources that must be available for different classes
of jobs to start, and which resource consumers the limits apply
to. Limits are enforced during job resource allocation.
.sp 2
\fBTip: \fR
.sp 2
For limits to be enforced, jobs must specify rusage resource
requirements (bsub -R or \fBRES_REQ\fR in the lsb.queues file).
.sp 2
The blimits -gl command displays view current usage of resource
allocation limits configured in Limit sections in lsb.resources.
.SH Limit section structure

.sp 2
Each set of limits is defined in a Limit section enclosed by
\fRBegin Limit\fR and \fREnd Limit\fR.
.sp 2
A Limit section has two formats:
.sp 2
*  Vertical tabular
.sp 2
*  Horizontal
.sp 2
The file can contain sections in both formats. In either format,
you must configure a limit for at least one consumer and one
resource. The Limit section cannot be empty.
.SH Vertical tabular format

.sp 2
Use the vertical format for simple configuration conditions
involving only a few consumers and resource limits.
.sp 2
The first row consists of an optional NAME and the following
keywords for:
.sp 2
*  Resource types:
.sp 2
   *  Total number of job slots (\fBSLOTS\fR) that can be used by
      specific jobs.
.sp 2
   *  Memory (\fBMEM\fR), in MB or the unit set in the
      \fBLSF_UNIT_FOR_LIMITS\fR parameter in the lsf.conf file.
.sp 2
   *  Swap space (\fBSWP\fR), in MB or the unit set in the
      \fBLSF_UNIT_FOR_LIMITS\fR parameter in the lsf.conf file.
.sp 2
   *  Temp space (\fBTMP\fR), in MB or the unit set in the
      \fBLSF_UNIT_FOR_LIMITS\fR parameter in the lsf.conf file.
.sp 2
   *  Total number of running and suspended (RUN, SSUSP, USUSP)
      jobs (\fBJOBS\fR).
.sp 2
   *  Other shared resources (\fBRESOURCE\fR).
.sp 2
   \fBNote: \fRAll clusters must have the same unit configured
   for \fBMEM\fR, \fBSWP\fR, and \fBTMP\fR in the
   \fBLSF_UNIT_FOR_LIMITS\fR parameter in the lsf.conf file.
.sp 2
*  Consumer types:
.sp 2
   *  All specified applications (\fBAPPS\fR).
.sp 2
   *  All specified queues (\fBQUEUES\fR)
.sp 2
   *  All specified users or user groups (\fBUSERS\fR)
.sp 2
   *  All specified projects (\fBPROJECTS\fR)
.sp 2
   *  All specified LSF License Scheduler projects
      (\fBLIC_PROJECTS\fR)
.sp 2
Each subsequent row describes the configuration information for
resource consumers and the limits that apply to them. Each line
must contain an entry for each keyword. Use empty parentheses ()
or a dash (-) to to indicate an empty field. Fields cannot be
left blank.
.sp 2
\fBTip: \fR
.sp 2
Multiple entries must be enclosed in parentheses. For RESOURCE
limits, RESOURCE names must be enclosed in parentheses.
.SH Horizontal format

.sp 2
Use the horizontal format to give a name for your limits and to
configure more complicated combinations of consumers and resource
limits.
.sp 2
The first line of the Limit section gives the name of the limit
configuration.
.sp 2
Each subsequent line in the Limit section consists of keywords
identifying the resource limits:
.sp 2
*  Total number of job slots (\fBSLOTS\fR) that can be used by
   specific jobs.
.sp 2
*  Memory (\fBMEM\fR), in MB or the unit set in the
   \fBLSF_UNIT_FOR_LIMITS\fR parameter in the lsf.conf file.
.sp 2
*  Swap space (\fBSWP\fR), in MB or the unit set in the
   \fBLSF_UNIT_FOR_LIMITS\fR parameter in the lsf.conf file.
.sp 2
*  Temp space (\fBTMP\fR), in MB or the unit set in the
   \fBLSF_UNIT_FOR_LIMITS\fR parameter in the lsf.conf file.
.sp 2
*  Total number of running and suspended (RUN, SSUSP, USUSP) jobs
   (\fBJOBS\fR).
.sp 2
*  Other shared resources (\fBRESOURCE\fR).
.sp 2
\fBNote: \fRAll clusters must have the same unit configured for
\fBMEM\fR, \fBSWP\fR, and \fBTMP\fR in the
\fBLSF_UNIT_FOR_LIMITS\fR parameter in the lsf.conf file.
.sp 2
and the resource \fIconsumers\fR to which the limits apply:
.sp 2
*  All specified applications (\fBAPPS\fR).
.sp 2
*  All specified queues (\fBQUEUES\fR)
.sp 2
*  All specified users or user groups (\fBUSERS\fR)
.sp 2
*  All specified projects (\fBPROJECTS\fR)
.sp 2
*  All specified LSF License Scheduler projects
   (\fBLIC_PROJECTS\fR)
.SH Example: Vertical tabular format

.sp 2
In the following limit configuration:
.sp 2
*  Jobs from \fRuser1\fR and \fRuser3\fR are limited to 2 job
   slots
.sp 2
*  Jobs from \fRuser2\fR on queue \fRnormal\fR are limited to 20
   MB of memory or the unit set in \fBLSF_UNIT_FOR_LIMITS\fR in
   lsf.conf.
.sp 2
*  The short queue can have at most 200 running and suspended
   jobs
.sp 2
Begin Limit
.br
NAME    USERS           QUEUES      SLOTS  MEM   SWP  TMP  JOBS
.br
limit1  (user1 user3)   -           2      -     -    -    -
.br
 -       user2          normal      -      20    -    -    -
.br
 -       -              short       -      -     -    -    200
.br
End Limit
.sp 2
Jobs that do not match these limits; that is, all users except
\fRuser1\fR and \fRuser3\fR, and all users except \fRuser2\fR
submitting jobs to queue \fRnormal\fR, have no limits.
.SH Example: Horizontal format

.sp 2
All users in user group \fRugroup1\fR except \fRuser1\fR using
\fRqueue1\fR and \fRqueue2\fR are limited to 2 job slots:
.sp 2
Begin Limit 
.br
# ugroup1 except user1 uses queue1 and queue2 with 2 job slots 
.br
NAME          = limit1 
.br
# Resources 
.br
SLOTS = 2 
.br
#Consumers
.br
QUEUES       = queue1 queue2 
.br
USERS        = ugroup1 ~user1 
.br
End Limit
.SH Compatibility with lsb.queues, lsb.users, and lsb.hosts

.sp 2
The Limit section does not support the keywords or format used in
lsb.users, lsb.hosts, and lsb.queues. However, your existing job
slot limit configuration in these files will continue to apply.
.sp 2
Job slot limits are the only type of limit you can configure in
lsb.users, lsb.hosts, and lsb.queues. You cannot configure limits
for user groups, host groups and projects in lsb.users,
lsb.hosts, and lsb.queues. You should not configure any new
resource allocation limits in lsb.users, lsb.hosts, and
lsb.queues. Use this section to configure all new resource
allocation limits, including job slot limits. Limits on running
and suspended jobs can only be set in this section.
.sp 2
Existing limits in lsb.users, lsb.hosts, and lsb.queues with the
same scope as a new limit in this section, but with a different
value are ignored. The value of the new limit in this section is
used. Similar limits with different scope enforce the most
restrictive limit.
.sp 2
   APPS
.br

.sp 2
   ELIGIBLE_PEND_JOBS
.br

.sp 2
   INELIGIBLE
.br

.sp 2
   JOBS
.br

.sp 2
   JOBS_PER_SCHED_CYCLE
.br

.sp 2
   LIC_PROJECTS
.br

.sp 2
   MEM
.br

.sp 2
   NAME
.br

.sp 2
   PER_APP
.br

.sp 2
   PER_LIC_PROJECT
.br

.sp 2
   PER_PROJECT
.br

.sp 2
   PER_QUEUE
.br

.sp 2
   PER_USER
.br

.sp 2
   PROJECTS
.br

.sp 2
   QUEUES
.br

.sp 2
   RESOURCE
.br

.sp 2
   SLOTS
.br

.sp 2
   SWP
.br

.sp 2
   TMP
.br

.sp 2
   USERS
.br

.sp 2
Parent topic: lsb.globalpolicies

.ad l

.TH lsb.globalpolicies 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBAPPS\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRAPPS=all\fR [\fR~\fR]\fIapplication_profile_name\fR ...
.sp 2
\fRAPPS\fR
.sp 2
\fR(\fR [\fR-\fR] | \fRall\fR
[\fR~\fR]\fIapplication_profile_name\fR ... \fR)\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
A space-separated list of application profile names on which
limits are enforced. Limits are enforced on all application
profiles listed.
.sp 2
The list must contain valid application profile names defined in
lsb.applications.
.sp 2
To specify a per-application limit, use the PER_APP keyword. Do
not configure APPS and PER_APP limits in the same Limit section.
.sp 2
In horizontal format, use only one APPS line per Limit section.
.sp 2
Use the keyword all to configure limits that apply to all
applications in a cluster.
.sp 2
Use the not operator (~) to exclude applications from the all
specification in the limit. This is useful if you have a large
number of applications but only want to exclude a few
applications from the limit definition.
.sp 2
In vertical tabular format, multiple application profile names
must be enclosed in parentheses.
.sp 2
In vertical tabular format, use empty parentheses () or a dash
(-) to indicate an empty field. Fields cannot be left blank.
.SH Default

.sp 2
None. If no limit is specified for PER_APP or APPS, no limit is
enforced on any application profile.
.SH Example

.sp 2
APPS=appA appB
.sp 2
Parent topic: Limit section

.ad l

.TH lsb.globalpolicies 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBELIGIBLE_PEND_JOBS\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRELIGIBLE_PEND_JOBS=\fR\fIinteger\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
The maximum number of eligible jobs that are considered for
dispatch in a single scheduling cycle. Specify a positive integer
or 0. This parameter can only be used with the following consumer
types:
.sp 2
*  USERS or PER_USER
.sp 2
*  QUEUES or PER_QUEUE
.sp 2
The \fBall\fR group, or any group containing \fBall\fR, is not
supported.
.sp 2
The limit is ignored for any other defined consumer types.
.SH Valid values

.sp 2
Any positive integer or 0.
.SH Default

.sp 2
No limit
.SH Example

.sp 2
ELIGIBLE_PEND_JOBS=10
.sp 2
Parent topic: Limit section

.ad l

.TH lsb.globalpolicies 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBINELIGIBLE\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRINELIGIBLE=Y|y|N|n\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
If set as y or Y in the specific Limit section and the job cannot
be scheduled due to this limit, the LSF scheduler will put the
job into an ineligible pending state. LSF calculates the
ineligible pending time for this job and the job\(aqs priority does
not increase.
.sp 2
\fBNote: \fRThe following Limit types are compatible with the
\fRINELIGIBLE\fR parameter: \fRJOBS\fR, \fRUSERS\fR,
\fRPER_USER\fR, \fRQUEUES\fR, \fRPER_QUEUE\fR, \fRPROJECTS\fR,
\fRPER_PROJECT\fR, \fRLIC_PROJECTS\fR, and \fRPER_LIC_PROJECT\fR.
.SH Default

.sp 2
INELIGIBLE=N
.SH Example

.sp 2
INELIGIBLE=Y
.sp 2
Parent topic: Limit section

.ad l

.TH lsb.globalpolicies 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBJOBS\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRJOBS=\fR\fIinteger\fR
.sp 2
\fRJOBS\fR
.sp 2
\fR-\fR | \fIinteger\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Maximum number of running or suspended (RUN, SSUSP, USUSP) jobs
available to resource consumers. Specify a positive integer
greater than or equal 0. Job limits can be defined in both
vertical and horizontal limit formats.
.sp 2
With MultiCluster resource lease model, this limit applies only
to local hosts being used by the local cluster. The job limit for
hosts exported to a remote cluster is determined by the host
export policy, not by this parameter. The job limit for borrowed
hosts is determined by the host export policy of the remote
cluster.
.sp 2
If SLOTS are configured in the Limit section, the most
restrictive limit is applied.
.sp 2
If HOSTS are configured in the Limit section, JOBS is the number
of running and suspended jobs on a host. If preemptive scheduling
is used, the suspended jobs are not counted against the job
limit.
.sp 2
Use this parameter to prevent a host from being overloaded with
too many jobs, and to maximize the throughput of a machine.
.sp 2
If only QUEUES are configured in the Limit section, JOBS is the
maximum number of jobs that can run in the listed queues.
.sp 2
If only USERS are configured in the Limit section, JOBS is the
maximum number of jobs that the users or user groups can run.
.sp 2
If only HOSTS are configured in the Limit section, JOBS is the
maximum number of jobs that can run on the listed hosts.
.sp 2
If only PROJECTS are configured in the Limit section, JOBS is the
maximum number of jobs that can run under the listed projects.
.sp 2
Use APPS or PER_APP, QUEUES or PER_QUEUE, USERS or PER_USER,
HOSTS or PER_HOST, LIC_PROJECTS or PER_LIC_PROJECT, and PROJECTS
or PER_PROJECT in combination to further limit jobs available to
resource consumers.
.sp 2
In horizontal format, use only one JOBS line per Limit section.
.sp 2
In vertical format, use empty parentheses () or a dash (-) to
indicate the default value (no limit). Fields cannot be left
blank.
.SH Default

.sp 2
No limit
.SH Example

.sp 2
JOBS=20
.sp 2
Parent topic: Limit section

.ad l

.TH lsb.globalpolicies 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBJOBS_PER_SCHED_CYCLE\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRJOBS_PER_SCHED_CYCLE=\fR\fIinteger\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Use \fBELIGIBLE_PEND_JOBS\fR instead. This parameter is only
maintained for backwards compatibility.
.sp 2
Maximum number of jobs that are considered for dispatch in a
single scheduling cycle. Specify a positive integer or 0. This
parameter can only be used with the following consumer types:
.sp 2
*  USERS or PER_USER
.sp 2
*  QUEUES or PER_QUEUE
.sp 2
The \fBall\fR group, or any group containing \fBall\fR, is not
supported.
.sp 2
The limit is ignored for any other defined consumer types.
.SH Valid values

.sp 2
Any positive integer or 0.
.SH Default

.sp 2
No limit
.SH Example

.sp 2
JOBS_PER_SCHED_CYCLE=10
.sp 2
Parent topic: Limit section

.ad l

.TH lsb.globalpolicies 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLIC_PROJECTS\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLIC_PROJECTS=all\fR [\fR~\fR]\fIlic_project_name\fR ...
.sp 2
\fRLIC_PROJECTS\fR
.sp 2
\fR(\fR [\fR-\fR] | \fRall\fR [\fR~\fR]\fIlic_project_name\fR ...
\fR)\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
A space-separated list of LSF License Scheduler project names on
which limits are enforced. Limits are enforced on all projects
listed. Each project name can be up to 511 characters long.
.sp 2
To specify a per-project limit, use the PER_LIC_PROJECT keyword.
Do not configure LIC_PROJECTS and PER_PROJECT limits in the same
Limit section.
.sp 2
In horizontal format, use only one LIC_PROJECTS line per Limit
section.
.sp 2
Use the keyword all to configure limits that apply to all
projects in a cluster.
.sp 2
Use the not operator (~) to exclude projects from the all
specification in the limit. This is useful if you have a large
number of projects but only want to exclude a few projects from
the limit definition.
.sp 2
In vertical tabular format, multiple project names must be
enclosed in parentheses.
.sp 2
In vertical tabular format, use empty parentheses () or a dash
(-) to indicate an empty field. Fields cannot be left blank.
.SH Default

.sp 2
all (limits are enforced on all projects in the cluster)
.SH Example

.sp 2
LIC_PROJECTS=licprojA licprojB
.sp 2
Parent topic: Limit section

.ad l

.TH lsb.globalpolicies 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBMEM\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRMEM=\fR\fIinteger\fR[\fR%\fR]
.sp 2
\fRMEM\fR
.sp 2
\fR-\fR | \fIinteger\fR[\fR%\fR]
.SH Description

.sp 2
Maximum amount of memory available to resource consumers. Specify
a value in MB or the unit set in \fBLSF_UNIT_FOR_LIMITS\fR in
lsf.conf as a positive integer greater than or equal 0.
.sp 2
The Limit section is ignored if MEM is specified as a percentage:
.sp 2
*  Without PER_HOST, or
.sp 2
*  With HOSTS
.sp 2
In horizontal format, use only one MEM line per Limit section.
.sp 2
In vertical tabular format, use empty parentheses () or a dash
(-) to indicate the default value (no limit). Fields cannot be
left blank.
.sp 2
If only QUEUES are configured in the Limit section, MEM must be
an integer value. MEM is the maximum amount of memory available
to the listed queues.
.sp 2
If only USERS are configured in the Limit section, MEM must be an
integer value. MEM is the maximum amount of memory that the users
or user groups can use.
.sp 2
If only HOSTS are configured in the Limit section, MEM must be an
integer value. It cannot be a percentage. MEM is the maximum
amount of memory available to the listed hosts.
.sp 2
If only PROJECTS are configured in the Limit section, MEM must be
an integer value. MEM is the maximum amount of memory available
to the listed projects.
.sp 2
Use APPS or PER_APP, QUEUES or PER_QUEUE, USERS or PER_USER,
HOSTS or PER_HOST, LIC_PROJECTS or PER_LIC_PROJECT, and PROJECTS
or PER_PROJECT in combination to further limit memory available
to resource consumers.
.SH Default

.sp 2
No limit
.SH Example

.sp 2
MEM=20
.sp 2
Parent topic: Limit section

.ad l

.TH lsb.globalpolicies 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBNAME\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRNAME=\fR\fIlimit_name\fR
.sp 2
\fRNAME\fR
.sp 2
\fR-\fR | \fIlimit_name\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Name of the Limit section
.sp 2
Specify any ASCII string 40 characters or less. You can use
letters, digits, underscores (_) or dashes (-). You cannot use
blank spaces.
.sp 2
If duplicate limit names are defined, the Limit section is
ignored. If value of NAME is not defined in vertical format, or
defined as (-), blimtis displays \fRNONAME\fInnn\fR\fR.
.SH Default

.sp 2
None. In horizontal format, you must provide a name for the Limit
section. NAME is optional in the vertical format.
.SH Example

.sp 2
NAME=short_limits
.sp 2
Parent topic: Limit section

.ad l

.TH lsb.globalpolicies 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBPER_APP\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRPER_APP=\fR\fIapplication_profile_name\fR ..
.SH Description

.sp 2
A space-separated list of application profile names on which
limits are enforced. Limits are enforced on jobs submitted to
each application profile listed.
.sp 2
Do not configure PER_APP and APPS limits in the same Limit
section.
.sp 2
In horizontal format, use only one PER_APP line per Limit
section.
.sp 2
In vertical tabular format, multiple application profile names
must be enclosed in parentheses.
.SH Default

.sp 2
None. If no limit is specified for PER_APP or APPS, no limit is
enforced on any application profile.
.SH Example

.sp 2
PER_APP=app1 app2
.sp 2
Parent topic: Limit section

.ad l

.TH lsb.globalpolicies 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBPER_LIC_PROJECT\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRPER_LIC_PROJECT=\fR\fIlic_project_name\fR ...
.SH Description

.sp 2
A space-separated list of LSF License Scheduler project names on
which limits are enforced. Limits are enforced on each project
listed. Each project name can be up to 511 characters long.
.sp 2
Do not configure PER_LIC_PROJECT and LIC_PROJECTS limits in the
same Limit section.
.sp 2
In horizontal format, use only one PER_LIC_PROJECT line per Limit
section.
.sp 2
In vertical tabular format, multiple project names must be
enclosed in parentheses.
.SH Default

.sp 2
None. If no limit is specified for PER_LIC_PROJECT or
LIC_PROJECTS, no limit is enforced on any LSF License Scheduler
project.
.SH Example

.sp 2
PER_PROJECT=licproj1 licproj2
.sp 2
Parent topic: Limit section

.ad l

.TH lsb.globalpolicies 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBPER_PROJECT\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRPER_PROJECT=\fR\fIproject_name\fR ...
.SH Description

.sp 2
A space-separated list of project names on which limits are
enforced. Limits are enforced on each project listed. Each
project name can be up to 511 characters long.
.sp 2
Do not configure PER_PROJECT and PROJECTS limits in the same
Limit section.
.sp 2
In horizontal format, use only one PER_PROJECT line per Limit
section.
.sp 2
In vertical tabular format, multiple project names must be
enclosed in parentheses.
.SH Default

.sp 2
None. If no limit is specified for PER_PROJECT or PROJECTS, no
limit is enforced on any project.
.SH Example

.sp 2
PER_PROJECT=proj1 proj2
.sp 2
Parent topic: Limit section

.ad l

.TH lsb.globalpolicies 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBPER_QUEUE\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRPER_QUEUE=\fR\fIqueue_name\fR ..
.SH Description

.sp 2
A space-separated list of queue names on which limits are
enforced. Limits are enforced on jobs submitted to each queue
listed.
.sp 2
Do not configure PER_QUEUE and QUEUES limits in the same Limit
section.
.sp 2
In horizontal format, use only one PER_QUEUE line per Limit
section.
.sp 2
In vertical tabular format, multiple queue names must be enclosed
in parentheses.
.SH Default

.sp 2
None. If no limit is specified for PER_QUEUE or QUEUES, no limit
is enforced on any queue.
.SH Example

.sp 2
PER_QUEUE=priority night
.sp 2
Parent topic: Limit section

.ad l

.TH lsb.globalpolicies 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBPER_USER\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRPER_USER=all\fR [\fR~\fR]\fIuser_name\fR ... | \fRall\fR
[\fR~\fR]\fIuser_group\fR ...
.SH Description

.sp 2
A space-separated list of user names or user groups on which
limits are enforced. Limits are enforced on each user or
individually to each user in the user group listed. If a user
group contains a subgroup, the limit also applies to each member
in the subgroup recursively.
.sp 2
User names must be valid login names. User group names can be LSF
user groups or UNIX and Windows user groups. Note that for LSF
and UNIX user groups, the groups must be specified in a UserGroup
section in lsb.users first.
.sp 2
Do not configure PER_USER and USERS limits in the same Limit
section.
.sp 2
In horizontal format, use only one PER_USER line per Limit
section.
.sp 2
In vertical tabular format, multiple user names must be enclosed
in parentheses.
.SH Default

.sp 2
None. If no limit is specified for PER_USER or USERS, no limit is
enforced on any user or user group.
.SH Example

.sp 2
PER_USER=user1 user2 ugroup1 ~user3
.sp 2
Parent topic: Limit section

.ad l

.TH lsb.globalpolicies 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBPROJECTS\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRPROJECTS=all\fR [\fR~\fR]\fIproject_name\fR ...
.sp 2
\fRPROJECTS\fR
.sp 2
\fR(\fR [\fR-\fR] | \fRall\fR [\fR~\fR]\fIproject_name\fR ...
\fR)\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
A space-separated list of project names on which limits are
enforced. Limits are enforced on all projects listed. Each
project name can be up to 511 characters long.
.sp 2
To specify a per-project limit, use the PER_PROJECT keyword. Do
not configure PROJECTS and PER_PROJECT limits in the same Limit
section.
.sp 2
In horizontal format, use only one PROJECTS line per Limit
section.
.sp 2
Use the keyword all to configure limits that apply to all
projects in a cluster.
.sp 2
Use the not operator (~) to exclude projects from the all
specification in the limit. This is useful if you have a large
number of projects but only want to exclude a few projects from
the limit definition.
.sp 2
In vertical tabular format, multiple project names must be
enclosed in parentheses.
.sp 2
In vertical tabular format, use empty parentheses () or a dash
(-) to indicate an empty field. Fields cannot be left blank.
.SH Default

.sp 2
all (limits are enforced on all projects in the cluster)
.SH Example

.sp 2
PROJECTS=projA projB
.sp 2
Parent topic: Limit section

.ad l

.TH lsb.globalpolicies 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBQUEUES\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRQUEUES=all\fR [\fR~\fR]\fIqueue_name\fR ...
.sp 2
\fRQUEUES\fR
.sp 2
\fR(\fR [\fR-\fR] | \fRall\fR [\fR~\fR]\fIqueue_name\fR ...
\fR)\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
A space-separated list of queue names on which limits are
enforced. Limits are enforced on all queues listed.
.sp 2
The list must contain valid queue names defined in lsb.queues.
.sp 2
To specify a per-queue limit, use the PER_QUEUE keyword. Do not
configure QUEUES and PER_QUEUE limits in the same Limit section.
.sp 2
In horizontal format, use only one QUEUES line per Limit section.
.sp 2
Use the keyword all to configure limits that apply to all queues
in a cluster.
.sp 2
Use the not operator (~) to exclude queues from the all
specification in the limit. This is useful if you have a large
number of queues but only want to exclude a few queues from the
limit definition.
.sp 2
In vertical tabular format, multiple queue names must be enclosed
in parentheses.
.sp 2
In vertical tabular format, use empty parentheses () or a dash
(-) to indicate an empty field. Fields cannot be left blank.
.SH Default

.sp 2
all (limits are enforced on all queues in the cluster)
.SH Example

.sp 2
QUEUES=normal night
.sp 2
Parent topic: Limit section

.ad l

.TH lsb.globalpolicies 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBRESOURCE\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRRESOURCE=\fR[\fIshared_resource\fR\fR,\fR\fIinteger\fR]
[[\fIshared_resource\fR\fR,\fR\fIinteger\fR] ...]
.sp 2
\fRRESOURCE\fR
.sp 2
\fR(\fR [[\fIshared_resource\fR\fR,\fR\fIinteger\fR]
[[\fIshared_resource\fR\fR,\fR\fIinteger\fR] ...] \fR)\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Maximum amount of any user-defined shared resource available to
consumers.
.sp 2
In horizontal format, use only one RESOURCE line per Limit
section.
.sp 2
In vertical tabular format, resource names must be enclosed in
parentheses.
.sp 2
In vertical tabular format, use empty parentheses () or a dash
(-) to indicate an empty field. Fields cannot be left blank.
.SH Default

.sp 2
None
.SH Examples

.sp 2
RESOURCE=[stat_shared,4]
.br
Begin Limit
.br
RESOURCE                       PER_HOST
.br
([stat_shared,4])              (all ~hostA)
.br
([dyn_rsrc,1] [stat_rsrc,2])  (hostA)
.br
End Limit
.sp 2
Parent topic: Limit section

.ad l

.TH lsb.globalpolicies 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBSLOTS\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRSLOTS=\fR\fIinteger\fR
.sp 2
\fRSLOTS\fR
.sp 2
\fR-\fR | \fIinteger\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Maximum number of job slots available to resource consumers.
Specify a positive integer greater than or equal 0.
.sp 2
With MultiCluster resource lease model, this limit applies only
to local hosts being used by the local cluster. The job slot
limit for hosts exported to a remote cluster is determined by the
host export policy, not by this parameter. The job slot limit for
borrowed hosts is determined by the host export policy of the
remote cluster.
.sp 2
If JOBS are configured in the Limit section, the most restrictive
limit is applied.
.sp 2
If HOSTS are configured in the Limit section, SLOTS is the number
of running and suspended jobs on a host. If preemptive scheduling
is used, the suspended jobs are not counted as using a job slot.
.sp 2
To fully use the CPU resource on multiprocessor hosts, make the
number of job slots equal to or greater than the number of
processors.
.sp 2
Use this parameter to prevent a host from being overloaded with
too many jobs, and to maximize the throughput of a machine.
.sp 2
Use an exclamation point (\fR!\fR) to make the number of job
slots equal to the number of CPUs on a host.
.sp 2
If the number of CPUs in a host changes dynamically, mbatchd
adjusts the maximum number of job slots per host accordingly.
Allow the mbatchd up to 10 minutes to get the number of CPUs for
a host. During this period the value of SLOTS is 1.
.sp 2
If only QUEUES are configured in the Limit section, SLOTS is the
maximum number of job slots available to the listed queues.
.sp 2
If only USERS are configured in the Limit section, SLOTS is the
maximum number of job slots that the users or user groups can
use.
.sp 2
If only HOSTS are configured in the Limit section, SLOTS is the
maximum number of job slots that are available to the listed
hosts.
.sp 2
If only PROJECTS are configured in the Limit section, SLOTS is
the maximum number of job slots that are available to the listed
projects.
.sp 2
Use APPS or PER_APP, QUEUES or PER_QUEUE, USERS or PER_USER,
HOSTS or PER_HOST, LIC_PROJECTS or PER_LIC_PROJECT, and PROJECTS
or PER_PROJECT in combination to further limit job slots per
processor available to resource consumers.
.sp 2
In horizontal format, use only one SLOTS line per Limit section.
.sp 2
In vertical format, use empty parentheses () or a dash (-) to
indicate the default value (no limit). Fields cannot be left
blank.
.SH Default

.sp 2
No limit
.SH Example

.sp 2
SLOTS=20
.sp 2
Parent topic: Limit section

.ad l

.TH lsb.globalpolicies 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBSWP\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRSWP=\fR\fIinteger\fR[\fR%\fR]
.sp 2
\fRSWP\fR
.sp 2
\fR-\fR | \fIinteger\fR[\fR%\fR]
.SH Description

.sp 2
Maximum amount of swap space available to resource consumers.
Specify a value in MB or the unit set in
\fBLSF_UNIT_FOR_LIMITS\fR in lsf.conf as a positive integer
greater than or equal 0.
.sp 2
The Limit section is ignored if SWP is specified as a percentage:
.sp 2
*  Without PER_HOST, or
.sp 2
*  With HOSTS
.sp 2
In horizontal format, use only one SWP line per Limit section.
.sp 2
In vertical format, use empty parentheses () or a dash (-) to
indicate the default value (no limit). Fields cannot be left
blank.
.sp 2
If only USERS are configured in the Limit section, SWP must be an
integer value. SWP is the maximum amount of swap space that the
users or user groups can use on any hosts, queues or projects.
.sp 2
If only HOSTS are configured in the Limit section, SWP must be an
integer value. SWP is the maximum amount of swap space available
to the listed hosts for any users, queues or projects.
.sp 2
If only PROJECTS are configured in the Limit section, SWP must be
an integer value. SWP is the maximum amount of swap space
available to the listed projects for any users, queues or hosts.
.sp 2
If only LIC_PROJECTS are configured in the Limit section, SWP
must be an integer value. SWP is the maximum amount of swap space
available to the listed projects for any users, queues, projects,
or hosts.
.sp 2
Use APPS or PER_APP, QUEUES or PER_QUEUE, USERS or PER_USER,
HOSTS or PER_HOST, LIC_PROJECTS or PER_LIC_PROJECT, and PROJECTS
or PER_PROJECT in combination to further limit swap space
available to resource consumers.
.SH Default

.sp 2
No limit
.SH Example

.sp 2
SWP=60
.sp 2
Parent topic: Limit section

.ad l

.TH lsb.globalpolicies 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBTMP\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRTMP=\fR\fIinteger\fR[\fR%\fR]
.sp 2
\fRTMP\fR
.sp 2
\fR-\fR | \fIinteger\fR[\fR%\fR]
.SH Description

.sp 2
Maximum amount of tmp space available to resource consumers.
Specify a value in MB or the unit set in
\fBLSF_UNIT_FOR_LIMITS\fR in lsf.conf as a positive integer
greater than or equal 0.
.sp 2
The Limit section is ignored if TMP is specified as a percentage:
.sp 2
*  Without PER_HOST, or
.sp 2
*  With HOSTS
.sp 2
In horizontal format, use only one TMP line per Limit section.
.sp 2
In vertical format, use empty parentheses () or a dash (-) to
indicate the default value (no limit). Fields cannot be left
blank.
.sp 2
If only QUEUES are configured in the Limit section, TMP must be
an integer value. TMP is the maximum amount of tmp space
available to the listed queues for any hosts, users projects.
.sp 2
If only USERS are configured in the Limit section, TMP must be an
integer value. TMP is the maximum amount of tmp space that the
users or user groups can use on any hosts, queues or projects.
.sp 2
If only HOSTS are configured in the Limit section, TMP must be an
integer value. TMP is the maximum amount of tmp space available
to the listed hosts for any users, queues or projects.
.sp 2
If only PROJECTS are configured in the Limit section, TMP must be
an integer value. TMP is the maximum amount of tmp space
available to the listed projects for any users, queues or hosts.
.sp 2
If only LIC_PROJECTS are configured in the Limit section, TMP
must be an integer value. TMP is the maximum amount of tmp space
available to the listed projects for any users, queues, projects,
or hosts.
.sp 2
Use APPS or PER_APP, QUEUES or PER_QUEUE, USERS or PER_USER,
HOSTS or PER_HOST, LIC_PROJECTS or PER_LIC_PROJECT, and PROJECTS
or PER_PROJECT in combination to further limit tmp space
available to resource consumers.
.SH Default

.sp 2
No limit
.SH Example

.sp 2
TMP=20%
.sp 2
Parent topic: Limit section

.ad l

.TH lsb.globalpolicies 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBUSERS\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRUSERS=all\fR [\fR~\fR]\fIuser_name\fR ... | \fRall\fR
[\fR~\fR]\fIuser_group\fR ...
.sp 2
\fRUSERS\fR
.sp 2
\fR(\fR [\fR-\fR] | \fRall\fR [\fR~\fR]\fIuser_name\fR ... |
\fRall\fR [\fR~\fR]\fIuser_group\fR ... \fR)\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
A space-separated list of user names or user groups on which
limits are enforced. Limits are enforced on all users or groups
listed. Limits apply to a group as a whole.
.sp 2
If a group contains a subgroup, the limit also applies to each
member in the subgroup recursively.
.sp 2
User names must be valid login names. User group names can be LSF
user groups or UNIX and Windows user groups. UNIX user groups
must be configured in lsb.user.
.sp 2
To specify a per-user limit, use the PER_USER keyword. Do not
configure USERS and PER_USER limits in the same Limit section.
.sp 2
In horizontal format, use only one USERS line per Limit section.
.sp 2
Use the keyword all to configure limits that apply to all users
or user groups in a cluster.
.sp 2
Use the not operator (~) to exclude users or user groups from the
all specification in the limit. This is useful if you have a
large number of users but only want to exclude a few users or
groups from the limit definition.
.sp 2
In vertical format, multiple user names must be enclosed in
parentheses.
.sp 2
In vertical format, use empty parentheses () or a dash (-) to
indicate an empty field. Fields cannot be left blank.
.SH Default

.sp 2
all (limits are enforced on all users in the cluster)
.SH Example

.sp 2
USERS=user1 user2
.sp 2
Parent topic: Limit section
