
.ad l

.TH lsf.sudoers 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBlsf.sudoers\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH About lsf.sudoers

.sp 2
The lsf.sudoers file is an optional file to configure security
mechanisms. It is not installed by default.
.sp 2
You use lsf.sudoers to set the parameter LSF_EAUTH_KEY to
configure a key for \fReauth\fR to encrypt and decrypt user
authentication data.
.sp 2
On UNIX, you also use lsf.sudoers to grant permission to users
other than root to perform certain operations as root in LSF, or
as a specified user.
.sp 2
These operations include:
.sp 2
*  LSF daemon startup/shutdown
.sp 2
*  User ID for LSF authentication
.sp 2
*  User ID for LSF pre- and post-execution commands.
.sp 2
*  User ID for external LSF executables
.sp 2
If lsf.sudoers does not exist, only root can perform these
operations in LSF on UNIX.
.sp 2
On UNIX, this file is located in /etc.
.sp 2
There is one \fRlsf.sudoers\fR file per host.
.sp 2
On Windows, this file is located in the directory specified by
the \fBLSF_SECUREDIR\fR parameter in the lsf.conf file.
.sp 2
\fBNote: \fRTo use the lsf.sudoers file, you must enable the
setuid bit for the LSF administration commands. Run the hostsetup
--setuid command option on the LSF management and candidate
hosts. Since this allows LSF administration commands to run with
root privileges, do not enable the setuid bit if you do not want
these LSF commands to run with root privileges.
.sp 2
The hostsetup --setuid command enables the setuid bit for the
following LSF executable files: badmin, lsadmin, egosh, utmpreg,
swtbl_api, ntbl_api, lstbl_nid, and swtbl_poe.
.SH Changing lsf.sudoers configuration

.sp 2
After making any changes to lsf.sudoers, run badmin reconfig to
reload the configuration files.
.SH lsf.sudoers on UNIX

.sp 2
In LSF, certain operations such as daemon startup can only be
performed by root. The lsf.sudoers file grants root privileges to
specific users or user groups to perform these operations.
.sp 2
\fBLocation\fR
.br
         lsf.sudoers must be located in /etc on each host.
.sp 2
\fBPermissions\fR
.br
         lsf.sudoers must have permission 600 and be readable and
         writable only by root.
.SH lsf.sudoers on Windows

.sp 2
The lsf.sudoers file is shared over an NTFS network, not
duplicated on every Windows host.
.sp 2
By default, LSF installs lsf.sudoers in the %SYSTEMROOT%
directory.
.sp 2
The location of lsf.sudoers on Windows must be specified by
LSF_SECUREDIR in lsf.conf. You must configure the LSF_SECUREDIR
parameter in lsf.conf if using lsf.sudoers on Windows.
.SH Windows permissions

.sp 2
\fBRestriction: \fR
.sp 2
The owner of lsf.sudoers on Windows be \fRAdministrators\fR. If
not, eauth may not work.
.sp 2
The permissions on lsf.sudoers for Windows are:
.sp 2
\fBWorkgroup Environment\fR
.br
         *  Local Admins (W)
.sp 2
         *  Everyone (R)
.sp 2
\fBDomain Environment\fR
.br
         *  Domain Admins (W)
.sp 2
         *  Everyone (R)
.SH File format

.sp 2
The format of lsf.sudoers is very similar to that of lsf.conf.
.sp 2
Each entry can have one of the following forms:
.sp 2
*  \fRNAME=VALUE\fR
.sp 2
*  \fRNAME=\fR
.sp 2
*  \fRNAME= "STRING1 STRING2 ..."\fR
.sp 2
The equal sign \fR=\fR must follow each \fRNAME\fR even if no
value follows and there should be no space beside the equal sign.
.sp 2
\fRNAME\fR describes an authorized operation.
.sp 2
\fRVALUE\fR is a single string or multiple strings separated by
spaces and enclosed in quotation marks.
.sp 2
Lines starting with a pound sign (#) are comments and are
ignored. Do not use \fR#if\fR as this is reserved syntax for
time-based configuration.
.SH Example lsf.sudoers File

.sp 2
LSB_PRE_POST_EXEC_USER=user100
.br
LSF_STARTUP_PATH=/usr/share/lsf/etc
.br
LSF_STARTUP_USERS="user1 user10 user55"
.SH Creating and modifying lsf.sudoers

.sp 2
You can create and modify lsf.sudoers with a text editor.
.sp 2
After you modify lsf.sudoers, you must run badmin hrestart all to
restart all sbatchds in the cluster with the updated
configuration.
.SH Parameters

.sp 2
*  LSB_PRE_POST_EXEC_USER
.sp 2
*  LSF_EAUTH_KEY
.sp 2
*  LSF_EAUTH_USER
.sp 2
*  LSF_EEXEC_USER
.sp 2
*  LSF_EGO_ADMIN_PASSWD
.sp 2
*  LSF_EGO_ADMIN_USER
.sp 2
*  LSF_LOAD_PLUGINS
.sp 2
*  LSF_STARTUP_PATH
.sp 2
*  LSF_STARTUP_USERS
.sp 2
Parent topic: Configuration files
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_PRE_POST_EXEC_USER\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fBLSB_PRE_POST_EXEC_USER=\fRuser_name
.SH Description

.sp 2
Specifies the UNIX user account under which pre- and
post-execution commands run. This parameter affects host-based
pre- and post-execution processing defined at the first level.
.sp 2
You can specify only one user account. If the pre-execution or
post-execution commands perform privileged operations that
require root permissions on UNIX hosts, specify a value of root.
.sp 2
If you configure this parameter as root, the \fBLD_PRELOAD\fR
\fBand LD_LIBRARY_PATH\fR variables are removed from the
pre-execution, post-execution, and eexec environments for
security purposes.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined. Pre-execution and post-execution commands run under
the user account of the user who submits the job.
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_EAUTH_KEY \fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fBLSF_EAUTH_KEY\fR=key
.SH Description

.sp 2
Applies to UNIX, Windows, and mixed UNIX/Windows clusters.
.sp 2
Specifies the key that eauth uses to encrypt and decrypt user
authentication data. Defining this parameter enables increased
security at your site. The key must contain at least six
characters and must use only printable characters.
.sp 2
You must configure the \fBLSF_EAUTH_KEY\fR parameter if any of
the following cases apply to you:
.sp 2
*  You want to use your own defined key instead of the default
   LSF key.
.sp 2
*  You are using the battach command.
.sp 2
*  You are running the data manager daemon (dmd) while using the
   LSF multicluster capability.
.sp 2
*  You are running the global policy daemon (gpolicyd) while
   using the LSF multicluster capability.
.sp 2
*  You are using the job forward mode in the LSF multicluster
   capability with the battach or bsub -f commands because these
   commands require the use of eauth -c or eauth -s on both
   clusters.
.sp 2
\fBTip: \fRWhen you specify a new eauth key, you can also allow
LSF to continue using the old eauth key for a specified period of
time. This gives LSF administrators time to update the eauth key
on each host in the cluster without disrupting authentication
operations.
.sp 2
To continue using the old eauth key, rename the current
\fBLSF_EAUTH_KEY\fR parameter to \fBLSF_EAUTH_OLDKEY\fR, then
define the \fBLSF_EAUTH_OLDKEY_EXPIRY\fR parameter to specify an
expiry date and time for the old key. Define a new
\fBLSF_EAUTH_KEY\fR parameter with the new eauth key as the
value.
.sp 2
For UNIX, you must edit the lsf.sudoers file on all hosts within
the cluster and specify the same encryption key. For Windows, you
must edit the shared lsf.sudoers file.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined. The \fReauth\fR executable encrypts and decrypts
authentication data using an internal key.
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_EAUTH_OLDKEY \fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fBLSF_EAUTH_OLDKEY\fR=key
.SH Description

.sp 2
Applies to UNIX, Windows, and mixed UNIX/Windows clusters.
.sp 2
Specifies the previous key that eauth used to encrypt and decrypt
user authentication data after you specify a new eauth key.
Defining this parameter gives LSF administrators time to update
the eauth key on each host in the cluster without disrupting
authentication operations. The key must contain at least six
characters and must use only printable characters. To use this
parameter, you must also define the \fBLSF_EAUTH_OLDKEY_EXPIRY\fR
parameter to specify an expiry date for the old key.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined. LSF uses an internal key that is generated by
\fReauth\fR.
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_EAUTH_OLDKEY_EXPIRY \fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fBLSF_EAUTH_OLDKEY\fR=[[year:][month\fB:\fR]day]
.SH Description

.sp 2
Applies to UNIX, Windows, and mixed UNIX/Windows clusters.
.sp 2
The date and time are in the form of
[[\fIyear\fR:][\fImonth\fR\fR:\fR]\fIday\fR] where the number
ranges are as follows: year after 1970, month 1-12, day 1-31.
.sp 2
Specifies the expiry date for the previous eauth key
(\fBLSF_EAUTH_OLDKEY_EXPIRY\fR parameter), after which the
previous key no longer works and only the new \fBLSF_EAUTH_KEY\fR
parameter works. Defining the \fBLSF_EAUTH_OLDKEY\fR and
\fBLSF_EAUTH_OLDKEY_EXPIRY\fR parameters gives LSF administrators
time to update the eauth key on each host in the cluster without
disrupting authentication operations.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined. LSF uses an internal key that is generated by
\fReauth\fR.
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_EAUTH_USER\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fBLSF_EAUTH_USER\fR=user_name
.SH Description

.sp 2
UNIX only.
.sp 2
Specifies the UNIX user account under which the external
authentication executable eauth runs.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined. The \fReauth\fR executable runs under the account of
the primary LSF administrator.
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_EEXEC_USER\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_EEXEC_USER=\fR\fIuser_name\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
UNIX only.
.sp 2
Specifies the UNIX user account under which the external
executable eexec runs.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined. The eexec executable runs under root or the account
of the user who submitted the job.
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_EGO_ADMIN_PASSWD\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fBLSF_EGO_ADMIN_PASSWD=\fRpassword
.SH Description

.sp 2
When the EGO Service Controller (EGOSC) is configured to control
LSF daemons, enables UNIX and Windows users to bypass the
additional login required to start res and sbatchd. Bypassing the
EGO administrator login enables the use of scripts to automate
system startup.
.sp 2
Specify the Admin EGO cluster administrator password as clear
text. You must also define the \fBLSF_EGO_ADMIN_USER\fR
parameter.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined. With EGOSC daemon control enabled, the lsadmin and
badmin startup subcommands invoke the egosh \fIuser logon\fR
command to prompt for the Admin EGO cluster administrator
credentials.
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_EGO_ADMIN_USER\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fBLSF_EGO_ADMIN_USER=\fRAdmin
.SH Description

.sp 2
When the EGO Service Controller (EGOSC) is configured to control
LSF daemons, enables UNIX and Windows users to bypass the
additional login required to start res and sbatchd. Bypassing the
EGO administrator login enables the use of scripts to automate
system startup.
.sp 2
Specify the Admin EGO cluster administrator account. You must
also define the \fBLSF_EGO_ADMIN_PASSWD\fR parameter.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined. With EGOSC daemon control enabled, the lsadmin and
badmin startup subcommands invoke the egosh \fIuser logon\fR
command to prompt for the Admin EGO cluster administrator
credentials.
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_LOAD_PLUGINS\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fBLSF_LOAD_PLUGINS\fR=y | Y
.SH Description

.sp 2
If defined, LSF loads plugins from \fBLSB_LSBDIR\fR. Used for
Kerberos authentication and to enable the LSF cpuset plugin for
SGI.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined. LSF does not load plugins.
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_STARTUP_PATH\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fBLSF_STARTUP_PATH=\fRpath
.SH Description

.sp 2
UNIX only. Enables the LSF daemon startup control feature when
\fBLSF_STARTUP_USERS\fR is also defined. Define both parameters
when you want to allow users other than root to start LSF
daemons.
.sp 2
Specifies the absolute path name of the directory in which the
LSF daemon binary files (lim, res, sbatchd, and mbatchd) are
installed. LSF daemons are usually installed in the path
specified by \fBLSF_SERVERDIR\fR defined in the cshrc.lsf,
profile.lsf or lsf.conf files.
.sp 2
\fBImportant: \fR
.sp 2
For security reasons, you should move the LSF daemon binary files
to a directory other than LSF_SERVERDIR or LSF_BINDIR. The user
accounts specified by \fBLSF_STARTUP_USERS\fR can start any
binary in the LSF_STARTUP_PATH.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined. Only the root user account can start LSF daemons.
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_STARTUP_USERS\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fBLSF_STARTUP_USERS=all_admins\fR| \fB"\fRuser_name...\fB"\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
UNIX only. Enables the LSF daemon startup control feature when
\fBLSF_STARTUP_PATH\fR is also defined. Define both parameters
when you want to allow users other than root to start LSF
daemons. On Windows, the services admin group is equivalent to
\fBLSF_STARTUP_USERS.\fR
.sp 2
On UNIX hosts, by default only root can start LSF daemons. To
manually start LSF daemons, a user runs the commands lsadmin and
badmin, which have been installed as setuid root.
\fBLSF_STARTUP_USERS\fR specifies a list of user accounts that
can successfully run the commands lsadmin and badmin to start LSF
daemons.
.sp 2
\fBall_admins\fR
.br
         *  Allows all UNIX users defined as LSF administrators
            in the file lsf.cluster.\fIcluster_name\fR to start
            LSF daemons as root by running the lsadmin and badmin
            commands.
.sp 2
         *  Not recommended due to the security risk of a
            non-root LSF administrator adding to the list of
            administrators in the lsf.cluster\fI.cluster_name\fR
            file.
.sp 2
         *  Not required for Windows hosts because all users with
            membership in the services admin group can start LSF
            daemons.
.sp 2
\fB"\fIuser_name\fB..."\fR
.br
         *  Allows the specified user accounts to start LSF
            daemons by running the lsadmin and badmin commands.
.sp 2
         *  Separate multiple user names with a space.
.sp 2
         *  For a single user, do not use quotation marks.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined. Only the root user account can start LSF daemons.
.SH See also

.sp 2
LSF_STARTUP_PATH