
.ad l

.TH lsf.task 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBlsf.task\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
\fBNote: \fRThis file is deprecated and might be removed in a
future version of LSF.
.sp 2
Users should not have to specify a resource requirement each time
they submit a job. LSF supports the concept of a task list. This
chapter describes the files used to configure task lists:
lsf.task, lsf.task.cluster_name, and .lsftask.
.SH Changing task list configuration

.sp 2
After making any changes to the task list files, run the
following commands:
.sp 2
*  lsadmin reconfig to reconfigure LIM
.sp 2
*  badmin reconfig to reload the configuration files
.SH About task lists

.sp 2
A task list is a list in LSF that keeps track of the default
resource requirements for different applications and task
eligibility for remote execution.
.sp 2
The term task refers to an application name. With a task list
defined, LSF automatically supplies the resource requirement of
the job whenever users submit a job unless one is explicitly
specified at job submission.
.sp 2
LSF takes the job\(aqs command name as the task name and uses that
name to find the matching resource requirement for the job from
the task list. If a task does not have an entry in the task list,
LSF assumes the default resource requirement; that is, a host
that has the same host type as the submission host will be chosen
to run the job.
.sp 2
An application listed in a task file is considered for load
sharing by its placement in either the local tasks or remote
tasks list.
.sp 2
*  A local task is typically an application or command that it
   does not make sense to run remotely such as ls.
.sp 2
*  A remote task is an application or command that can be run on
   another machine in the LSF cluster. The compress command is an
   example of a remote task.
.sp 2
Some applications require resources other than the default. LSF
can store resource requirements for specific applications in
remote task list files, so that LSF automatically chooses
candidate hosts that have the correct resources available.
.sp 2
For frequently used commands and software packages, the LSF
administrator can set up cluster–wide resource requirements that
apply to all users in the cluster.
.sp 2
Users can modify and add to these requirements by setting up
additional resource requirements that apply only to their own
jobs.
.SH Cluster-wide resource requirements

.sp 2
The resource requirements of applications are stored in the
remote task list file.
.sp 2
LSF automatically picks up a job’s default resource requirement
string from the remote task list files, unless you explicitly
override the default by specifying the resource requirement
string on the command line.
.SH User-level resource requirements

.sp 2
You may have applications that you need to control yourself.
Perhaps your administrator did not set them up for load sharing
for all users, or you need a non-standard setup. You can use LSF
commands to find out resource names available in your system, and
tell LSF about the needs of your applications. LSF stores the
resource requirements for you from then on.
.sp 2
You can specify resource requirements when tasks are added to the
user\(aqs remote task list. If the task to be added is already in
the list, its resource requirements are replaced.
.sp 2
\fRlsrtasks + myjob/swap>=100 && cpu\fR
.sp 2
This adds \fRmyjob\fR to the remote tasks list with its resource
requirements.
.sp 2
Parent topic: Configuration files
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBTask files\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
There are 3 task list files that can affect a job:
.sp 2
*  lsf.task - system-wide defaults apply to all LSF users, even
   across multiple clusters if MultiCluster is installed
.sp 2
*  lsf.task.\fIcluster_name\fR - cluster-wide defaults apply to
   all users in the cluster
.sp 2
*  $HOME/.lsftask - user-level defaults apply to a single user.
   This file lists applications to be added to or removed from
   the default system lists for your jobs. Resource requirements
   specified in this file override those in the system lists.
.sp 2
The clusterwide task file is used to augment the systemwide file.
The user’s task file is used to augment the systemwide and
clusterwide task files.
.sp 2
LSF combines the systemwide, clusterwide, and user-specific task
lists for each user\(aqs view of the task list. In cases of
conflicts, such as different resource requirements specified for
the same task in different lists, the clusterwide list overrides
the systemwide list, and the user-specific list overrides both.
.SH LSF_CONFDIR/lsf.task

.sp 2
Systemwide task list applies to all clusters and all users.
.sp 2
This file is used in a MultiCluster environment.
.SH LSF_CONFDIR/lsf.task.\fIcluster_name\fR\fIcluster_name\fR

.sp 2
Clusterwide task list applies to all users in the same cluster.
.SH $HOME/.lsftask

.sp 2
User task list, one per user, applies only to the specific user.
This file is automatically created in the user’s home directory
whenever a user first updates his task lists using the lsrtasks
or lsltasks commands. For details about task eligibility lists,
see the \fRls_task\fR(3) API reference man page.
.SH Permissions

.sp 2
Only the LSF administrator can modify the systemwide task list
(lsf.task) and the clusterwide task list
(lsf.task.c\fIluster_name\fR).
.sp 2
A user can modify his own task list(.lsftask) with the lsrtasks
and lsltasks commands.
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBFormat of task files\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Each file consists of two sections, \fRLocalTasks\fR and
\fRRemoteTasks\fR. For example:
.sp 2
Begin LocalTasks 
.br

.sp 2
ps
.br

.sp 2
hostname 
.br

.sp 2
uname 
.br

.sp 2
crontab 
.br

.sp 2
End LocalTasks
.br

.sp 2
Begin RemoteTasks
.br

.sp 2
+ "newjob/mem>25" 
.br

.sp 2
+ "verilog/select[type==any && swp>100]" 
.br

.sp 2
make/cpu 
.br

.sp 2
nroff/- 
.br

.sp 2
End RemoteTasks
.br

.sp 2
Tasks are listed one per line. Each line in a section consists of
a task name, and, for the \fRRemoteTasks\fR section, an optional
resource requirement string separated by a slash (/).
.sp 2
A plus sign (+) or a minus sign (-) can optionally precede each
entry. If no \fR+\fR or \fR-\fR is specified, \fR+\fR is assumed.
.sp 2
A \fR+\fR before a task name means adding a new entry (if
non-existent) or replacing an entry (if already existent) in the
task list. A\fR -\fR before a task name means removing an entry
from the application\(aqs task lists if it was already created by
reading higher level task files.
.SH LocalTasks section

.sp 2
The section starts with \fRBegin LocalTasks\fR and ends with
\fREnd LocalTasks\fR.
.sp 2
This section lists tasks that are not eligible for remote
execution, either because they are trivial tasks or because they
need resources on the local host.
.SH RemoteTasks section

.sp 2
The section starts with \fRBegin RemoteTasks\fR and ends with
\fREnd RemoteTasks\fR.
.sp 2
This section lists tasks that are eligible for remote execution.
You can associate resource requirements with each task name.
.sp 2
See Administering IBM Spectrum LSF for information about resource
requirement strings. If the resource requirement string is not
specified for a remote task, the default is
\fR"select[type==local] order[r15s:pg]"\fR.