
.ad l

.TH lsf.usermapping 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBlsf.usermapping\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Defines the user mapping policy for the bsubmit command.
.sp 2
The lsf.usermapping file allows you to map several job execution
users and user groups to a single submission user or user group.
.sp 2
To enable this feature, you must download and deploy the bsubmit
executable file, which is a wrapper for the bsub command. For
more details, refer to the following link:
https://github.com/IBMSpectrumComputing/lsf-utils/tree/master/bsubmit
.sp 2
Create the lsf.usermapping file in the \fB$LSF_ENVDIR\fR
directory. For each row, specify the submission user or group to
the left and a comma-separated list of execution users or groups
on the right. This file must be owned by the LSF administrator,
with file permissions set to read/write for the owner and
read-only for all other users.
.sp 2
For example,
.sp 2
#Submission user or group    # Execution users or groups
.br
userA                        userB,userC,userD
.br
groupA                       groupB
.sp 2
This lsf.usermapping configuration file means that the
\fRuserA\fR user can submit jobs as \fRuserB\fR, \fRuserC\fR, or
\fRuserD\fR. Users in the \fRgroupA\fR group can submit jobs as
any user in the \fRgroupB\fR user group.
.sp 2
Use the bsubmit command to submit jobs as other users.
.sp 2
For example, run the following command if the job submission user
\fRuserA\fR is submitting a job as job execution user
\fRuserC\fR:
.sp 2
bsubmit --user userC myjob
.SH See also

.sp 2
bsubmit command
.sp 2
Parent topic: Configuration files