
.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBlsf.conf\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
The lsf.conf file controls the operation of LSF. The lsf.conf
file is created during installation and records all the settings
chosen when LSF was installed. The lsf.conf file dictates the
location of the specific configuration files and operation of
individual servers and applications.
.sp 2

.SH About lsf.conf

.sp 2
The lsf.conf file is used by LSF and applications built on top of
it. For example, information in the lsf.conf file is used by LSF
daemons and commands to locate other configuration files,
executables, and network services. The lsf.conf file is updated,
if necessary, when you upgrade to a new version.
.sp 2
This file can also be expanded to include application-specific
parameters.
.sp 2
Parameters in this file can also be set as environment variables,
except for the parameters related to job packs.
.sp 2
If you have installed LSF in a mixed Windows and UNIX/Linux
cluster, you must make sure that lsf.conf parameters set on UNIX
and Linux match any corresponding parameters in the local
lsf.conf files on your Windows hosts.
.SH Corresponding parameters in ego.conf

.sp 2
When EGO is enabled in LSF, you can configure some LSF parameters
in the lsf.conf file that have corresponding EGO parameter names
in EGO_CONFDIR/ego.conf (LSF_CONFDIR/lsf.conf is a separate file
from EGO_CONFDIR/ego.conf). If both the LSF and the EGO
parameters are set in their respective files, the definition in
ego.conf is used. You must continue to set LSF parameters only in
lsf.conf.
.sp 2
When EGO is enabled in the LSF cluster (\fBLSF_ENABLE_EGO=Y\fR),
you also can set the following EGO parameters related to LIM,
PIM, and ELIM in either lsf.conf or ego.conf:
.sp 2
*  EGO_DISABLE_UNRESOLVABLE_HOST (dynamically added hosts only)
.sp 2
*  EGO_ENABLE_AUTO_DAEMON_SHUTDOWN
.sp 2
*  EGO_DAEMONS_CPUS
.sp 2
*  EGO_DEFINE_NCPUS
.sp 2
*  EGO_SLAVE_CTRL_REMOTE_HOST
.sp 2
*  EGO_WORKDIR
.sp 2
*  EGO_PIM_SWAP_REPORT
.sp 2
*  EGO_ESLIM_TIMEOUT
.sp 2
If EGO is not enabled, you do not need to set these parameters.
.sp 2
See Administering IBM Spectrum LSF for more information about
configuring LSF for EGO.
.SH After you change lsf.conf configuration

.sp 2
Depending on which parameters you change, you might need to run
one or more of the following commands after you change parameters
in the lsf.conf file:
.sp 2
*  lsadmin reconfig to reconfigure LIM
.sp 2
*  badmin reconfig to reconfigure mbatchd without restarting
.sp 2
*  badmin mbdrestart to restart mbatchd
.sp 2
*  bctrld restart sbd to restart sbatchd
.sp 2
\fBNote: \fRMost parameters require only reconfiguration (lsadmin
reconfig or badmin reconfig). Several LSF parameters require you
to restart mbatchd (badmin mbdrestart). Parameters that require
restart are indicated in the parameter description.
.SH Location

.sp 2
The default location of the lsf.conf file is in the
\fI$LSF_TOP\fR/conf directory. This default location can be
overridden when necessary by either the environment variable
\fBLSF_ENVDIR\fR.
.SH Format

.sp 2
Each entry in lsf.conf has one of the following forms:
.sp 2
NAME=VALUE
.br
NAME=
.br
NAME="STRING1 STRING2 ..."
.br

.sp 2
The equal sign \fR=\fR must follow each \fRNAME\fR even if no
value follows and there should be no space beside the equal sign.
.sp 2
A value that contains multiple strings separated by spaces must
be enclosed in quotation marks.
.sp 2
Lines starting with a pound sign (\fR#\fR) are comments and are
ignored. Do not use \fR#if\fR as this is reserved syntax for
time-based configuration.
.sp 2
   DAEMON_SHUTDOWN_DELAY
.br

.sp 2
   EBROKERD_HOST_CLEAN_DELAY
.br
   For LSF resource connector. Specifies the delay, in minutes,
   after which the ebrokerd daemon removes information about
   relinquished or reclaimed hosts. This parameter allows the
   bhosts -rc and bhosts -rconly command options to get LSF
   resource connector provider host information for some time
   after they are deprovisioned.
.sp 2
   EGO_DAEMONS_CPUS
.br

.sp 2
   EGO_DEFINE_NCPUS
.br

.sp 2
   EGO_ELIM_DIR
.br

.sp 2
   EGO_ENABLE_AUTO_DAEMON_SHUTDOWN
.br

.sp 2
   EGO_ESLIM_TIMEOUT
.br

.sp 2
   EGO_LIM_PG_SMOOTH_FACTOR
.br

.sp 2
   EGO_PIM_SWAP_REPORT
.br
   Enables PIM to report swap space usage for job processes.
.sp 2
   JOB_STARTER_EXTEND
.br

.sp 2
   LS_DUPLICATE_RESOURCE_CHECKING
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_AFS_BIN_DIR
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_AFS_JOB_SUPPORT
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_AFS_LIB_DIR
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_API_CONNTIMEOUT
.br
   The timeout in seconds that b* commands wait to connect to
   LSF.
.sp 2
   LSB_API_RECVTIMEOUT
.br
   Timeout in seconds that b* commands wait for a reply from LSF.
.sp 2
   LSB_API_VERBOSE
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_BHOSTS_FORMAT
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_BJOBS_CONSISTENT_EXIT_CODE
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_BJOBS_DISPLAY_ENH
.br
   Enables the bjobs command to display the array index as part
   of the job ID for array jobs.
.sp 2
   LSB_BJOBS_FORMAT
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_BJOBS_PENDREASON_LEVEL
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_BLOCK_JOBINFO_TIMEOUT
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_BMGROUP_ALLREMOTE_EXPAND
.br
   This \fRlsf.conf\fR configuration option selects the display
   of leased-in hosts as a list, or replaces the list with the
   allremote keyword in bmgroup output.
.sp 2
   LSB_BPEEK_REMOTE_OUTPUT
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_BSUB_ERR_RETRY
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_BSUB_PARSE_SCRIPT
.br
   Specifies whether you can use the bsub command to parse and
   run job scripts from the command line.
.sp 2
   LSB_BUSERS_FORMAT
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_BWAIT_REREG_INTERVAL
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_CALL_LIM_RETRY
.br
   Specifies the maximum number of times that the mbatchd daemon
   attempts to contact the management host LIM when mbatchd
   cannot detect the LIM.
.sp 2
   LSB_CGROUP_MEM_INCLUDE_CACHE
.br
   Specifies whether LSF includes rss and cache in the memory
   usage report when Linux cgroups are enabled.
.sp 2
   LSB_CHECK_JOB_PID_REUSE_ON_REBOOT
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_CHUNK_RUSAGE
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_CMD_LOG_MASK
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_CMD_LOGDIR
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_CONFDIR
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_CPUSET_BESTCPUS
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_CPUSET_DISPLAY_CPULIST
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_DEBUG
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_DEBUG_CMD
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_DEBUG_GPD
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_DEBUG_MBD
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_DEBUG_SBD
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_DEBUG_SCH
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_DISABLE_LIMLOCK_EXCL
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_DISABLE_RERUN_POST_EXEC
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_DISABLE_SUSPEND_AR_JOBS
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_DISPATCH_CHECK_RESUME_INTVL
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_DISPLAY_YEAR
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_EAUTH_DATA_REUSE
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_EAUTH_EACH_SUBPACK
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_ECHKPNT_KEEP_OUTPUT
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_ECHKPNT_METHOD
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_ECHKPNT_METHOD_DIR
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_ENABLE_ESTIMATION
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_ENABLE_HPC_ALLOCATION
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_ENABLE_PERF_METRICS_LOG
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_ESUB_METHOD
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_ESUB_SINGLE_QUOTE
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_ESWITCH_METHOD
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_EVENTS_FILE_KEEP_OPEN
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_EXCLUDE_HOST_PERIOD
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_FANOUT_TIMEOUT_PER_LAYER
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_FORK_JOB_REQUEST
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_GPD_CLUSTER
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_GPD_PORT
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_GPU_AUTOBOOST (Obsolete)
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_GPU_NEW_SYNTAX
.br
   Enables the bsub -gpu option to submit jobs that require GPU
   resources. Also enables the specification of GPU resources
   with the \fBGPU_REQ\fR parameter in the lsb.queues and
   lsb.applications file or the default GPU requirement
   configured in the \fBLSB_GPU_REQ\fR parameter in the lsf.conf
   file.
.sp 2
   LSB_GPU_REQ
.br
   Specify GPU requirements together in one statement.
.sp 2
   LSB_GPU_POWEROFF_DURATION
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_GSLA_DISPLAY_ALLOC_HOSTS
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_GSLA_PREFER_ADRSV_HOST
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_HJOB_PER_SESSION
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_HMS_TIME_FORMAT
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_HUGETLB
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_IGNORE_ELIM_RES
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_INDEX_BY_JOB
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_INTERACT_MSG_ENH
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_INTERACT_MSG_INTVAL
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_JOB_CPULIMIT
.br
   Determines whether the CPU limit is a per-process limit
   enforced by the OS or whether it is a per-job limit enforced
   by LSF.
.sp 2
   LSB_JOBID_DISP_LENGTH
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_JOB_MEMLIMIT
.br
   Determines whether the memory limit is a per-process limit
   enforced by the OS or whether it is a per-job limit enforced
   by LSF.
.sp 2
   LSB_JOB_OUTPUT_LOGGING
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_JOB_REPORT_MAIL
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_JOB_SCRIPT_TRAP_SIGNALS
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_JOB_TMPDIR
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_JOBID_DISP_LENGTH
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_JOBINFO_DIR
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_JSM_DEFAULT
.br
   Specifies the default value for the bsub -jsm option for CSM
   jobs.
.sp 2
   LSB_KEEP_SYSDEF_RLIMIT
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_KRB_AIX_LOAD_IBM_NAS
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_KRB_CHECK_INTERVAL
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_KRB_IMPERSONATE
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_KRB_LIB_PATH
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_KRB_RENEW_MARGIN
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_KRB_TGT_FWD
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_KRB_TGT_DIR
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_LOCALDIR
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_LOG_MASK_MBD
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_LOG_MASK_SBD
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_LOG_MASK_SCH
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_MAIL_FROM_DOMAIN
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_MAIL_TIMESTAMP_EPOCH_SECONDS
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_MAILPROG
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_MAILSENDER
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_MAILSERVER
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_MAILSIZE_LIMIT
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_MAILTO
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_MAX_ASKED_HOSTS_NUMBER
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_MAX_FORWARD_PER_SESSION
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_MAX_JOB_DISPATCH_PER_SESSION
.br
   Sets the maximum number of job decisions that mbschd can make
   during one job scheduling session.
.sp 2
   LSB_MAX_PACK_JOBS
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_MAX_PROBE_SBD
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_MBD_BUSY_MSG
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_MBD_CONNECT_FAIL_MSG
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_MBD_DOWN_MSG
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_MBD_PORT
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_MBD_QUERY_RETRY_MSG
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_MC_CHKPNT_RERUN
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_MC_DISABLE_HOST_LOOKUP
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_MC_INITFAIL_MAIL
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_MC_INITFAIL_RETRY
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_MC_RECALL_EXIT_INFO
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_MC_RECALLED_JOBS_HIDE
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_MEMLIMIT_ENFORCE
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_MEMLIMIT_ENF_CONTROL
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_MIG2PEND
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_MIXED_PATH_DELIMITER
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_MIXED_PATH_ENABLE
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_MOD_ALL_JOBS
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_NCPU_ENFORCE
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_NQS_PORT
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_NUM_NIOS_CALLBACK_THREADS
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_PACK_MESUB
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_PACK_SKIP_ERROR
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_PERF_METRICS_LOGDIR
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_PERF_METRICS_SAMPLE_PERIOD
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_PLAN_KEEP_RESERVE
.br
   Specifies whether to keep the resource reservations for jobs
   with plans, even if the plan is no longer valid, until the
   next round of job plans are ready.
.sp 2
   LSB_POSTEXEC_SEND_MAIL
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_PROFILE_MBD
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_PROFILE_SCH
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_PROJECT_LIMITS
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_QUERY_ENH
.br
   \fBLSB_QUERY_ENH\fR extends multithreaded query support to
   several common batch query commands (in addition to bjobs
   query requests).
.sp 2
   LSB_QUERY_PORT
.br
   Specifies the port number that the mbatchd daemon uses for LSF
   query requests.
.sp 2
   LSB_QUERY_RETRY_INTERVAL_STEP
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_RC_DEFAULT_HOST_TYPE
.br
   LSF resource connector default host type.
.sp 2
   LSB_RC_EXTERNAL_HOST_FLAG
.br
   Setting the \fBLSB_RC_EXTERNAL_HOST_FLAG\fR parameter enables
   the LSF resource connector feature.
.sp 2
   LSB_RC_EXTERNAL_HOST_IDLE_TIME
.br
   For LSF resource connector. If no jobs are running on a
   resource provider instance for the specified number of
   minutes, LSF relinquishes the instances.
.sp 2
   LSB_RC_EXTERNAL_HOST_MAX_TTL
.br
   For LSF resource connector. Maximum time-to-live for a
   resource provider instance. If an instance is in the cluster
   for this number of minutes, LSF closes it and its status goes
   to \fRclosed_RC\fR).
.sp 2
   LSB_RC_QUERY_INTERVAL
.br
   For LSF resource connector. The interval in seconds that the
   resource connector checks host status and asynchronous
   requests from a resource provider.
.sp 2
   LSB_RC_REQUEUE_BUFFER
.br
   For LSF resource connector. The number of seconds before the
   expiration of the reclaim grace period before which LSF starts
   to send requeue signals to running jobs on reclaimed hosts.
.sp 2
   LSB_RC_UPDATE_INTERVAL
.br
   For LSF resource connector. Configures how often LSF
   calculates demand for pending jobs and publishes this demand
   to the ebrokerd daemon.
.sp 2
   LSB_REQUEUE_TO_BOTTOM
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_RESOURCE_ENFORCE
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_RLA_PORT
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_RLA_UPDATE
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_RLA_WORKDIR
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_SACCT_ONE_UG
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_SBD_PORT
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_SBD_STARTUP_RETRY_INTERVAL
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_SBD_STARTUP_RETRY_TIMES
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_SET_TMPDIR
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_SHAREDIR
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_SHORT_HOSTLIST
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_SIGSTOP
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_SKIP_FULL_HOSTS
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_SSH_XFORWARD_CMD
.br
   For X11 forwarding, you can modify the default value with an
   SSH command (full PATH and options allowed).
.sp 2
   LSF_STAGE_IN_EXEC
.br
   Specifies the stage in script for direct data staging (for
   example, IBM CAST burst buffer).
.sp 2
   LSB_STAGE_MAX_STAGE_IN
.br
   Specifies the maximum number of concurrent stage in processes
   that can run on the host.
.sp 2
   LSB_STAGE_OUT_EXEC
.br
   Specifies the stage out script for direct data staging (for
   example, IBM CAST burst buffer).
.sp 2
   LSB_STAGE_STORAGE
.br
   Specifies the resource name to report available storage space
   for direct data staging (for example, IBM CAST burst buffer).
.sp 2
   LSB_STAGE_TRANSFER_RATE
.br
   Specifies the estimated data transfer rate for direct data
   staging (for example, IBM CAST burst buffer). LSF uses this
   value to calculate the predicted duration for data stage in.
.sp 2
   LSB_STEP_CGROUP_DEFAULT
.br
   Specifies the default value for the bsub -step_cgroup option
   for CSM jobs.
.sp 2
   LSB_START_EBROKERD
.br
   Enables the mbatchd daemon to start the ebrokerd daemon
   whenever mbatchd starts up, is reconfigured, or when it
   detects that the old ebrokerd daemon exits.
.sp 2
   LSB_START_MPS
.br
   LSF starts CUDA MPS (Multi-Process Service) for the GPU jobs
   that require only GPUs with \fBEXCLUSIVE_PROCESS\fR or
   \fBDEFAULT\fR modes.
.sp 2
   LSB_STDOUT_DIRECT
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_STOP_IGNORE_IT
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_SUB_COMMANDNAME
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_SUBK_SHOW_EXEC_HOST
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_SUBK_SHOW_JOBID
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_SUPPRESS_CUSTOM_REASONS
.br
   Allows individual users to disable display of customized
   pending reasons for the Single key reason (bjobs -p1) and
   Categorized Pending Reasons (bjobs -p2 and bjobs -p3).
.sp 2
   LSB_TERMINAL_SERVICE_PORT
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_TIME_CMD
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_TIME_DMD
.br
   The timing level for checking how long the dmd daemon runs.
.sp 2
   LSB_TIME_GPD
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_TIME_MBD
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_TIME_SCH
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_TIME_RESERVE_NUMJOBS
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_TIME_SBD
.br
   The timing level for checking how long sbatchd routines run.
.sp 2
   LSB_TSJOBS_HELPER_HOSTS
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_TSJOBS_HELPER_PORT
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_TSJOBS_HELPER_TIMEOUT
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_UNIT_FOR_JOBS_DISPLAY
.br
   Specifies a unit prefix for supported display fields in the
   bjobs output.
.sp 2
   LSB_USE_SEQUENTIAL_SIGNAL
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_USER_REQUEUE_TO_BOTTOM
.br

.sp 2
   LSB_UTMP
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_ACCEPT_NUMCLIENTS
.br
   Sets the maximum number of new client connections to the
   mbatchd port (\fBLSB_MBD_PORT\fR) that mbatchd accepts during
   each scheduling cycle.
.sp 2
   LSF_ADDON_HOSTS
.br
   Specifies a list of hosts for LSF Application Center, LSF RTM,
   or LSF Explorer that require root privileges to remotely
   execute commands.
.sp 2
   LSF_AM_OPTIONS
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_API_CONNTIMEOUT
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_API_RECVTIMEOUT
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_ASPLUGIN
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_AUTH
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_AUTH_DAEMONS
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_AUTH_QUERY_COMMANDS
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_BIND_JOB
.br
   \fBLSF_BIND_JOB\fR Specifies the processor binding policy for
   sequential and parallel job processes that run on a single
   host.
.sp 2
   LSF_BINDIR
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_BMPLUGIN
.br
   Points to the bitmask library libbitmask.so.
.sp 2
   LSF_CLEARCASE_WRAPPER_RETRY
.br
   LSF integration for IBM Rational ClearCase. Specifies the
   maximum number of times that the daemon wrapper tries to run
   the cleartool setview command.
.sp 2
   LSF_CLEARCASE_WRAPPER_RETRY_INTERVAL
.br
   LSF integration for IBM Rational ClearCase. Specfies the
   number of seconds to wait before the daemon wrapper tries to
   run the cleartool setview command.
.sp 2
   LSF_CMD_LOG_MASK
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_CMD_LOGDIR
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_COLLECT_ENERGY_USAGE
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_CONF_RETRY_INT
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_CONF_RETRY_MAX
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_CONFDIR
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_CONNECTION_CHANGE
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_CPUSETLIB
.br
   Points to the SGI cpuset library libcpuset.so.
.sp 2
   LSF_CRASH_LOG
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_CRAY_RELEASE_TIMEOUT
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_CRAY_RUR_DIR
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_CRAY_RUR_EPILOG_PATH
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_CRAY_RUR_PROLOG_PATH
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_DAEMON_WRAP
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_DAEMONS_CPUS
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_DATA_BSUB_CHKSUM
.br
   For jobs with a data requirement, this parameter enables the
   bsub and bmod commands to perform a full sanity check on the
   files and folders, and to generate the hash for each file and
   folder.
.sp 2
   LSF_DATA_CLUSTER
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_DATA_HOSTS
.br
   Specifies a list of hosts where the LSF data manager daemon
   (dmd) can run, and where clients can contact the LSF data
   manager that is associated with the cluster. The dmd daemon
   can run only on the listed hosts.
.sp 2
   LSF_DATA_NO_SSH_CHK_HOSTS
.br
   Specifies a list of data hosts for which ssh is not needed.
.sp 2
   LSF_DATA_PORT
.br
   Port number of the LSF data manager daemon (dmd) associated
   with the cluster.
.sp 2
   LSF_DATA_SCP_CMD
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_DATA_SKIP_GROUP_CHECK
.br
   When the \fBLSF_DATA_SKIP_GROUP_CHECK\fR parameter is set to
   \fRY\fR or \fRy\fR, the LSF mbatchd daemon does not check
   whether the user who requests data is a member of the user
   group that is specified by the -datagrp option for the job.
.sp 2
   LSF_DATA_SSH_CMD
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_DCGM_PORT
.br
   Enables the NVIDIA Data Center GPU Manager (DCGM) features and
   specifies the port number that LSF uses to communicate with
   the DCGM daemon.
.sp 2
   LSF_DEBUG_CMD
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_DEBUG_LIM
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_DEBUG_RES
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_DEFAULT_FREQUENCY
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_DHCP_ENV
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_DISABLE_LSRUN
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_DISCARD_LOG
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_DISPATCHER_LOGDIR
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_DJOB_TASK_REG_WAIT_TIME
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_DNS_CACHE
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_DUALSTACK_PREFER_IPV6
.br
   Define this parameter when you want to ensure that clients and
   servers on dual-stack hosts use IPv6 addresses only. Setting
   this parameter configures LSF to sort the dynamically created
   address lookup list in order of AF_INET6 (IPv6) elements
   first, followed by AF_INET (IPv4) elements, and then others.
.sp 2
   LSF_DYNAMIC_HOST_TIMEOUT
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_DYNAMIC_HOST_WAIT_TIME
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_EGO_DAEMON_CONTROL
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_EGO_ENVDIR
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_ELIM_DIR
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_ENABLE_BEAT_SERVICE
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_ENABLE_EGO
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_ENABLE_EXTSCHEDULER
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_ENABLE_SUPPORT_IPV6
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_ENABLE_TMP_UNIT
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_ENV_OVERRIDE
.br
   Specifies whether environment variables can override the
   parameter settings in the lsf.conf file.
.sp 2
   LSF_ENVDIR
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_EVENT_PROGRAM
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_EVENT_RECEIVER
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_EXT_SERVERDIR
.br
   Directory in which the eauth and esub binary files are
   located.
.sp 2
   LSF_GET_CONF
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_GPU_AUTOCONFIG
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_GPU_RESOURCE_IGNORE
.br
   Enables the mbatchd and mbschd daemons to ignore GPU
   resources.
.sp 2
   LSF_HOST_CACHE_DISABLE
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_HOST_CACHE_NTTL
.br
   Negative-time-to-live value in seconds.
.sp 2
   LSF_HOST_CACHE_PTTL
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_HOST_MAX_GPU
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_HPC_EXTENSIONS
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_HPC_PJL_LOADENV_TIMEOUT
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_HWLOC_DYNAMIC
.br
   Enables LSF to dynamically load the hardware locality (hwloc)
   library from system library paths to detect newer hardware.
.sp 2
   LSF_ID_PORT
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_IMAGE_INFO_EXPIRE_INTERVAL
.br
   Specifies the amount of time, in seconds, that the host image
   information is valid in mosquitto.
.sp 2
   LSF_IMAGE_INFO_PUBLISH_INTERVAL
.br
   Specifies the interval, in seconds, for the lim process to
   fork a new process to collect host Docker container image
   information.
.sp 2
   LSF_INCLUDEDIR
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_INDEP
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_INTELLIGENT_CPU_BIND
.br
   Enables LSF to bind a defined set of LSF daemons to CPUs.
.sp 2
   LSF_INTERACTIVE_STDERR
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_LD_SECURITY
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_LIBDIR
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_LIC_SCHED_CLUSTER_ALIAS
.br
   Defines an alias for a cluster name and allows LSF License
   Scheduler to manage multiple clusters that share a same
   cluster name.
.sp 2
   LSF_LIC_SCHED_HOSTS
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_LIC_SCHED_PREEMPT_REQUEUE
.br
   Set this parameter to requeue a job whose license is preempted
   by IBM Spectrum LSF License Scheduler. The job is killed and
   requeued instead of suspended.
.sp 2
   LSF_LIC_SCHED_PREEMPT_SLOT_RELEASE
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_LIC_SCHED_PREEMPT_STOP
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_LIC_SCHED_STRICT_PROJECT_NAME
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_LIM_API_NTRIES
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_LIM_DEBUG
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_LIM_IGNORE_CHECKSUM
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_LIM_PORT, LSF_RES_PORT, LSB_MBD_PORT, LSB_SBD_PORT
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_LIM_STARTUP_RETRY_INTERVAL
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_LIM_STARTUP_RETRY_TIMES
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_LINUX_CGROUP_ACCT
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_LIVE_CONFDIR
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_LOAD_USER_PROFILE
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_LOCAL_RESOURCES
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_LOG_MASK
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_LOG_MASK_LIM
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_LOG_MASK_RES
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_LOG_MASK_WIN
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_LOG_QUEUE_SIZE
.br
   Specifies the maximum number of entries in the logging queue
   that the mbatchd and mbschd logging threads use.
.sp 2
   LSF_LOG_THREAD
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_LOGDIR
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_LOGDIR_USE_WIN_REG
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_LOGFILE_OWNER
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_LSHOSTS_FORMAT
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_LSLOAD_FORMAT
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_LSLOGIN_SSH
.br
   Enables SSH to secure communication between hosts and during
   job submission.
.sp 2
   LSF_MACHDEP
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_MANAGE_FREQUENCY
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_MANAGE_MIG
.br
   Enables dynamic Nvidia Multi-Instance GPU (MIG) scheduling.
.sp 2
   LSF_MANDIR
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_MASTER_LIST
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_MASTER_NSLOOKUP_TIMEOUT
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_MAX_TRY_ADD_HOST
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_MC_FORWARD_FAIRSHARE_CHARGE_DURATION
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_MC_NON_PRIVILEGED_PORTS
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_MISC
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_MQ_BROKER_HOSTS
.br
   For LSF resource connector. Enables support for the bhosts -rc
   and bhosts -rconly command options to get LSF resource
   connector provider host information
.sp 2
   LSF_NIOS_DEBUG
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_NIOS_ERR_LOGDIR
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_NIOS_JOBSTATUS_INTERVAL
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_NIOS_MAX_TASKS
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_NIOS_PORT_RANGE
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_NIOS_RES_HEARTBEAT
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_NON_PRIVILEGED_PORTS
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_PAM_APPL_CHKPNT
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_PAM_CLEAN_JOB_DELAY
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_PAM_HOSTLIST_USE
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_PAM_PLUGINDIR
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_PAM_USE_ASH
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_PASSWD_DIR
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_PE_NETWORK_NUM
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_PE_NETWORK_UPDATE_INTERVAL
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_PIM_INFODIR
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_PIM_LINUX_ENHANCE
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_PIM_SLEEPTIME
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_PIM_SLEEPTIME_UPDATE
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_PLATFORM_COMPATIBILITY
.br
   Allows for backward compatibility of the Platform name after
   LSF 10.1.
.sp 2
   LSF_POE_TIMEOUT_BIND
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_POE_TIMEOUT_SELECT
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_PROCESS_TRACKING
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_QUERY_ES_FUNCTIONS
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_QUERY_ES_SERVERS
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_REG_FLOAT_HOSTS
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_REG_HOST_INTERVAL
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_REMOTE_COPY_CMD
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_REPLACE_PIM_WITH_LINUX_CGROUP
.br
   Minimizes the impact of PIM daemon processing overhead on
   parallel jobs.
.sp 2
   LSF_RES_ACCT
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_RES_ACCTDIR
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_RES_ACTIVE_TIME
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_RES_ALIVE_TIMEOUT
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_RES_CLIENT_TIMEOUT
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_RES_CONNECT_RETRY
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_RES_DEBUG
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_RES_PORT
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_RES_RLIMIT_UNLIM
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_RES_STARTUP_RETRY_INTERVAL
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_RES_STARTUP_RETRY_TIMES
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_RES_SYNCUP_INTERVAL
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_RES_TIMEOUT
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_ROOT_REX (Obsolete)
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_ROOT_USER
.br
   UNIX only. Enables the root user to perform actions as a valid
   user from the LSF command line.
.sp 2
   LSF_RSH
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_SECUREDIR
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_SEND_CONFINFO_TCP_THRESHOLD
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_SERVER_HOSTS
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_SERVERDIR
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_SHELL_AT_USERS
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_SHIFT_JIS_INPUT
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_STRICT_CHECKING
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_STRICT_RESREQ
.br
   When \fBLSF_STRICT_RESREQ=Y\fR, the resource requirement
   selection string must conform to the stricter resource
   requirement syntax
.sp 2
   LSF_STRIP_DOMAIN
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_TIME_CMD
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_TIME_LIM
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_TIME_PIM
.br
   The timing level for checking how long PIM routines run.
.sp 2
   LSF_TIME_RES
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_TMPDIR
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_UGROUP_TRANSFER
.br
   The default job execution model uses UNIX group information
   that is set on the execution side and cannot be set by the
   user. Setting the \fBLSF_UGROUP_TRANSFER\fR parameter enables
   users to specify a supplementary group from the client side.
.sp 2
   LSF_UNIT_FOR_LIMITS
.br
   Enables scaling of large units in the resource usage limits.
.sp 2
   LSF_UDP_PORT_RANGE
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_USE_HOSTEQUIV
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_USER_DOMAIN
.br

.sp 2
   LSF_VPLUGIN
.br
   The full path to the vendor MPI library libxmpi.so.
.sp 2
   LSF_WINDOWS_HOST_TYPES
.br

.sp 2
   MQTT_BROKER_HOST
.br
   For LSF resource connector. If you do not use the MQTT message
   broker daemon (mosquitto) that is provided with LSF, specifies
   the host name that mosquitto runs on. The MQTT message broker
   receives provider host information from ebrokerd and publishes
   that information for the bhosts -rc and bhosts -rconly command
   options to display.
.sp 2
   MQTT_BROKER_PORT
.br
   For LSF resource connector. If you do not use the MQTT message
   broker daemon (mosquitto) that is provided with LSF, specifies
   the TCP port for the MQTT message broker daemon (mosquitto).
   The MQTT message broker receives provider host information
   from ebrokerd and publishes that information for the bhosts
   -rc and bhosts -rconly command options to display.
.sp 2
   XLSF_APPDIR
.br

.sp 2
   XLSF_UIDDIR
.br

.sp 2
   MC_PLUGIN_REMOTE_RESOURCE
.br

.sp 2
Parent topic: Configuration files
.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBDAEMON_SHUTDOWN_DELAY\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fBDAEMON_SHUTDOWN_DELAY=\fRtime_in_seconds
.SH Description

.sp 2
Applies when \fBEGO_ENABLE_AUTO_DAEMON_SHUTDOWN=Y\fR. Controls
amount of time the server host LIM waits to communicate with
other (RES and SBD) local daemons before exiting. Used to shorten
or lengthen the time interval between a host attempting to join
the cluster and, if it was unsuccessful, all of the local daemons
shutting down.
.sp 2
The value should not be less than the minimum interval of RES and
sbatchd housekeeping. Most administrators should set this value
to somewhere between 3 minutes and 60 minutes.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Set to \fR180\fR seconds (3 minutes) at time of installation for
the DEFAULT configuration template. If otherwise undefined, then
\fR1800\fR seconds (30 minutes).
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBEBROKERD_HOST_CLEAN_DELAY\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
For LSF resource connector. Specifies the delay, in minutes,
after which the ebrokerd daemon removes information about
relinquished or reclaimed hosts. This parameter allows the bhosts
-rc and bhosts -rconly command options to get LSF resource
connector provider host information for some time after they are
deprovisioned.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fREBROKERD_HOST_CLEAN_DELAY=\fIminutes\fR\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
After configuring this parameter, run badmin mbdrestart on the
management host to restart ebrokerd.
.sp 2
After configuring this parameter, run bctrld restart lim on the
management host and, if any of the specified host names is not
the management host name, \fRlsadmin limrestart
\fIhost_name\fR\fR.
.SH Example

.sp 2
EBROKERD_HOST_CLEAN_DELAY=30
.SH Default

.sp 2
60 minutes
.SH See also

.sp 2
*  \fBLSF_MQ_BROKER_HOSTS\fR
.sp 2
*  \fBMQTT_BROKER_HOST\fR
.sp 2
*  \fBMQTT_BROKER_PORT\fR
.sp 2
*  bhosts -rc and bhosts -rconly
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBEGO_DAEMONS_CPUS\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fREGO_DAEMONS_CPUS=\fR\fIlim_cpu_list\fR
.sp 2
\fB\fIlim_cpu_list\fB\fR
.br
         Defines the list of management host CPUS where the lim
         daemon processes can run (hard CPU affinity). Format the
         list as a white-space delimited list of CPU numbers.
.SH Description

.sp 2
Defining \fRLSF_INTELLIGENT_CPU_BIND=Y\fR in the lsf.conf file
overrides the value of this parameter. Use
\fRLSF_INTELLIGENT_CPU_BIND=Y\fR instead of this parameter to
enable LSF to bind a defined set of LSF daemons to CPUs.
.sp 2
This parameter is only maintained for backwards compatibility.
.sp 2
By default, lim can run on any CPUs. If EGO_DAEMONS_CPUS is set,
LIM only run on a specified list of CPUs. An empty list means
that LIM can run on any CPUs. Use spaces to separate multiple
CPUs.
.sp 2
The operating system can assign other processes to run on the
same CPU; however, if utilization of the bound CPU is lower than
utilization of the unbound CPUs.
.SH Related parameters

.sp 2
To improve scheduling and dispatch performance of all LSF
daemons, you should use EGO_DAEMONS_CPUS together with
LSF_DAEMONS_CPUS (in ego.conf or lsf.conf), which controls
mbatchd and mbschd CPU allocation, and MBD_QUERY_CPUS, which
binds mbatchd query processes to specific CPUs so that higher
priority daemon processes can run more efficiently. To get best
performance, CPU allocation for all four daemons should be
assigned their own CPUs. For example, on a 4 CPU SMP host, the
following configuration gives the best performance:
.sp 2
EGO_DAEMONS_CPUS=0 LSF_DAEMONS_CPUS=1:2 MBD_QUERY_CPUS=3
.br

.SH Examples

.sp 2
If you specify
.sp 2
EGO_DAEMONS_CPUS=1
.br

.sp 2
the LIM processes run only on CPU number 1 on the management
host.
.SH Important

.sp 2
You can specify CPU affinity only for management hosts that use
one of the following operating systems:
.sp 2
*  Linux 2.6 or higher
.sp 2
*  Solaris 10 or higher
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSF_DAEMONS_CPUS\fR and\fBMBD_QUERY_CPUS\fR in lsb.params
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBEGO_DEFINE_NCPUS\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fBEGO_DEFINE_NCPUS=procs\fR | \fBcores\fR | \fBthreads\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
If defined, enables an administrator to define a value other than
the number of cores available for ncpus. The value of ncpus
depends on the value of EGO_DEFINE_NCPUS as follows:
.sp 2
\fBEGO_DEFINE_NCPUS=procs\fR
.br
         ncpus=number of processors
.sp 2
\fBEGO_DEFINE_NCPUS=cores\fR
.br
         ncpus=number of processors x number of cores
.sp 2
\fBEGO_DEFINE_NCPUS=threads\fR
.br
         ncpus=number of processors x number of cores x number of
         threads
.sp 2
\fBNote: \fRWhen \fBPARALLEL_SCHED_BY_SLOT=Y\fR in lsb.params,
the resource requirement string keyword ncpus refers to the
number of slots instead of the number of CPUs, however lshosts
output will continue to show ncpus as defined by
\fBEGO_DEFINE_NCPUS\fR in lsf.conf.
.sp 2
For changes to \fBEGO_DEFINE_NCPUS\fR to take effect, restart
lim, mbatchd, and sbatchd daemons in sequence.
.SH Default

.sp 2
EGO_DEFINE_NCPUS=cores
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBEGO_ELIM_DIR\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fREGO_ELIM_DIR=\fR\fIdirectory\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Windows only. Directory in which the EGO elim binary files are
installed.
.sp 2
Specify a file path and melim uses this file path to find and use
the following elim files: elim.bat, elim.cmd, elim.vbs, and
elim.sh.
.sp 2
This parameter allows you to specify a separate location for elim
files that is different from the \fBLSF_SERVERDIR\fR parameter,
such as a shared file system.
.SH Default

.sp 2
LSF_SERVERDIR
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSF_SERVERDIR\fR, \fBLSF_ELIM_DIR\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBEGO_ENABLE_AUTO_DAEMON_SHUTDOWN\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fREGO_ENABLE_AUTO_DAEMON_SHUTDOWN="Y"\fR | \fR"N"\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
For hosts that attempted to join the cluster but failed to
communicate within the LSF_DYNAMIC_HOST_WAIT_TIME period,
automatically shuts down any running daemons.
.sp 2
This parameter can be useful if an administrator remove machines
from the cluster regularly (by editing lsf.cluster file) or when
a host belonging to the cluster is imaged, but the new host
should not be part of the cluster. An administrator no longer has
to go to each host that is not a part of the cluster to shut down
any running daemons.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Set to \fRY\fR at time of installation. If otherwise undefined,
then \fRN\fR.
.SH EGO_PARAMETER

.sp 2
EGO_ENABLE_AUTO_DAEMON_SHUTDOWN
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBEGO_ESLIM_TIMEOUT\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fREGO_ESLIM_TIMEOUT=\fR\fItime_seconds\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Controls how long the LIM waits for any external static LIM
scripts to run. After the timeout period expires, the LIM stops
the scripts.
.sp 2
Use the external static LIM to automatically detect the operating
system type and version of hosts.
.sp 2
LSF automatically detects the operating systems types and
versions and displays them when running lshosts -l or lshosts -s.
You can then specify those types in any -R resource requriement
string. For example, \fRbsub -R "select[ostype=RHEL4.6]"\fR.
.SH Default

.sp 2
10 seconds
.SH EGO_PARAMETER

.sp 2
EGO_ESLIM_TIMEOUT
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBEGO_LIM_PG_SMOOTH_FACTOR\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fREGO_LIM_PG_SMOOTH_FACTOR=\fR\fIsmoothing_factor\fR|\fR0\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
This parameter is only supported in Linux platforms.
.sp 2
Specifies the smoothing factor when lim reports the host page
rate. The smoothing factor controls how fast reported values
converge to an instantaneous value.
.SH Valid values

.sp 2
\fIsmoothing_factor\fR must be an integer between 0 and 10.
.sp 2
If set to 0, no smoothing is applied and the reported value is
equal to the instantaneous value. For other integers, the larger
the value, the more time LSF needs to react to page rate change
in the host.
.SH Default

.sp 2
4
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBEGO_PIM_SWAP_REPORT\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Enables PIM to report swap space usage for job processes.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fREGO_PIM_SWAP_REPORT=Y|y|N|n\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
By default, LSF collects both memory and swap usage through PIM:
.sp 2
*  If the \fBEGO_PIM_SWAP_REPORT=n\fR parameter is set in the
   lsf.conf file (this is the default), swap usage is virtual
   memory (VSZ) of the entire job process.
.sp 2
*  If the \fBEGO_PIM_SWAP_REPORT=y\fR parameter is set in the
   lsf.conf file, the resident set size (RSS) is subtracted from
   the virtual memory usage. RSS is the portion of memory
   occupied by a process that is held in main memory. Swap usage
   is collected as the \fR\fIVSZ\fR - \fIRSS\fR\fR.
.sp 2

.sp 2
For example, if a job process allocates memory as follows,
.sp 2
malloc(p, 200MB); 
.br
memset(p, 150MB); 
.sp 2
then bjobs -l shows SWAP as either 200 MB if
\fBEGO_PIM_SWAP_REPORT=n\fR, or 50 MB if
\fBEGO_PIM_SWAP_REPORT=y\fR.
.SH Default

.sp 2
N
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBJOB_STARTER_EXTEND\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
JOB_STARTER_EXTEND="preservestarter" | "preservestarter
userstarter"
.SH Description

.sp 2
Applies to Windows execution hosts only.
.sp 2
Allows you to use a job starter that includes symbols (for
example: \fR&&\fR, \fR|\fR, \fR||\fR). The job starter configured
in \fBJOB_STARTER_EXTEND\fR can handle these special characters.
The file $\fILSF_TOP\fR/10.1/misc/examples/preservestarter.c is
the only extended job starter created by default. Users can also
develop their own extended job starters based on
preservestarter.c.
.sp 2
You must also set JOB_STARTER=preservestarter in lsb.queues.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLS_DUPLICATE_RESOURCE_CHECKING\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fBLS_DUPLICATE_RESOURCE_CHECKING=Y|N\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
When the parameter is enabled, there are strict checks for types
of duplicated LS resources. LS resources can only override the
LSF resources which have the same necessary characteristics
(shared, numeric, non-built-in) as the LS resources. Otherwise,
the LSF resource will take effect and the LS resource will be
ignored.
.sp 2
When the parameter is disabled, there are no checks for
duplicated LS resources. LS resources can override the resource
in LSF without considering the resource\(aqs characteristics. In
such cases, LSF may schedule jobs incorrectly. It is not
recommended to define duplicated resources in both LS and LSF.
.sp 2
After changing the parameter value, run badmin mbdrestart.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Y
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_AFS_BIN_DIR\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_AFS_BIN_DIR=path to aklog directory\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
If \fBLSB_AFS_JOB_SUPPORT=Y\fR, then LSF will need aklog in AFS
to create a new PAG and apply for an AFS token. You can then use
\fBLSB_AFS_BIN_DIR\fR to tell LSF the file path and directory
where aklog resides.
.sp 2
If \fBLSB_AFS_BIN_DIR\fR is not defined, LSF will search in the
following order: /bin, /usr/bin, /usr/local/bin, /usr/afs/bin.
The search stops as soon as an executable aklog is found.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_AFS_JOB_SUPPORT\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_AFS_JOB_SUPPORT=Y|y|N|n\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
When this parameter is set to \fRY|y\fR:
.sp 2
1. 
   LSF assumes the user’s job is running in an AFS environment,
   and calls aklog -setpag to create a new PAG for the user’s job
   if it is a sequential job, or to create a separate PAG for
   each task res if the job is a blaunch job.
.sp 2
2. 
   LSF runs the erenew script after the TGT is renewed. This
   script is primarily used to run aklog.
.sp 2
3. 
   LSF assumes that \fBJOB_SPOOL_DIR\fR resides in the AFS
   volume. It kerberizes the child sbatchd to get the AFS token
   so the child sbatchd can access \fBJOB_SPOOL_DIR\fR.
.sp 2
If this parameter changed, restart root res to make it take
effect.
.SH Default

.sp 2
N|n. LSF does not perform the three steps mentioned above.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_AFS_LIB_DIR\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_AFS_LIB_DIR=list of directories\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
If \fBLSB_AFS_JOB_SUPPORT=Y\fR, LSF will need libkopenafs.so or
libkopenafs.so.1 to create PAG. You can then use
\fBLSB_AFS_LIB_DIR\fR to tell LSF the directory in which
libkopenafs.so or libkopenafs.so.1 resides. When this parameter
is defined to a blank space or comma separated list, LSF tries
each item in the list to find and load libkopenafs.so or
libkopenafs.so.1 to create PAG.
.sp 2
If \fBLSB_AFS_LIB_DIR\fR is not defined, or if libkopenafs.so or
libkopenafs.so.1 cannot be found at the configured locations, LSF
will search in six pre-defined directories:
.sp 2
*  /lib
.sp 2
*  /lib64
.sp 2
*  /usr/lib
.sp 2
*  /usr/lib64
.sp 2
*  /usr/local/lib
.sp 2
*  /usr/local/lib64
.sp 2
The search stops as soon as libkopenafs.so or libkopenafs.so.1 is
found and PAG is created.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_API_CONNTIMEOUT \fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
The timeout in seconds that b* commands wait to connect to LSF.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_API_CONNTIMEOUT=\fR\fItime_seconds\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
The \fBLSB_API_CONNTIMEOUT\fR parameter applies to the
"handshake" with the mbatchd daemon that a b* command like bjobs
first attempts to perform. After the handshake is done, and the
command is waiting for the actual contents of the request, the
related \fBLSB_API_RECVTIMEOUT\fR parameter applies.
.SH Valid values

.sp 2
Any positive integer or zero
.SH Default

.sp 2
10
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSB_API_RECVTIMEOUT\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_API_RECVTIMEOUT \fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Timeout in seconds that b* commands wait for a reply from LSF.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_API_RECVTIMEOUT=\fR\fItime_seconds\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
After a b* command like bjobs contacts the mbatchd daemon, the
command waits for the actual contents of the request. The
\fBLSB_API_RECVTIMEOUT\fR parameter applies to this time period.
The related \fBLSB_API_CONNTIMEOUT\fR parameter applies to the
"handshake" with the mbatchd daemon that b* commands first
attempt to perform when it connects with mbatchd.
.SH Valid values

.sp 2
Any positive integer or zero
.SH Default

.sp 2
10
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSB_API_CONNTIMEOUT\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_API_VERBOSE\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_API_VERBOSE=Y\fR | \fRN\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
When LSB_API_VERBOSE=Y, LSF batch commands will display a retry
error meesage to stderr when LIM is not available:
.sp 2
LSF daemon (LIM) not responding ... still trying
.br

.sp 2
When LSB_API_VERBOSE=N, LSF batch commands will not display a
retry error message when LIM is not available.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Y. Retry message is displayed to stderr.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_BHOSTS_FORMAT\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_BHOSTS_FORMAT="\fIfield_name\fR\fR[\fR:\fR[\fR-\fR][\fR\fIoutput_width\fR\fR]]
 ... [\fRdelimiter=\(aq\fIcharacter\fR\(aq\fR]\fR"\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Sets the customized output format for the bhosts command.
.sp 2
*  Specify which bhosts fields (or aliases instead of the full
   field names), in which order, and with what width to display.
.sp 2
*  Specify only the bhosts field name or alias to set its output
   to unlimited width and left justification.
.sp 2
*  Specify the colon (\fR:\fR) without a width to set the output
   width to the recommended width for that field.
.sp 2
*  Specify the colon (\fR:\fR) with a width to set the maximum
   number of characters to display for the field. When its value
   exceeds this width, bhosts truncates the ending characters.
.sp 2
*  Specify a hyphen (\fR-\fR) to set right justification when
   bhosts displays the output for the specific field. If not
   specified, the default is to set left justification when
   bhosts displays the output for a field.
.sp 2
*  Use \fRdelimiter=\fR to set the delimiting character to
   display between different headers and fields. This delimiter
   must be a single character. By default, the delimiter is a
   space.
.sp 2
Output customization applies only to the output for certain
bhosts options:
.sp 2
*  \fBLSB_BHOSTS_FORMAT\fR and bhosts -o both apply to output for
   the bhosts command with no options, and for bhosts options
   with output that filter information, including the following
   options: -a, -alloc, -cname, -R, -x, -X.
.sp 2
*  \fBLSB_BHOSTS_FORMAT\fR and bhosts -o do not apply to output
   for bhosts options that use a modified format, including the
   following options: -aff, -e, -l, -s, -w.
.sp 2
The bhosts -o option overrides the \fBLSB_BHOSTS_FORMAT\fR
environment variable, which overrides the \fBLSB_BHOSTS_FORMAT\fR
setting in lsf.conf.
.SH Valid values

.sp 2
The following are the field names used to specify the bhosts
fields to display, recommended width, aliases you can use instead
of field names, and units of measurement for the displayed field:
.sp 2
\fBTable 1. Output fields for bhosts\fR
.sp 2
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| Field name             | Widt | Aliases    | Unit            |
|                        | h    |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| host_name              | 20   | hname      |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| status                 | 15   | stat       |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| cpuf                   | 10   |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| jl_u                   | 8    | jlu        |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| max                    | 8    |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| njobs                  | 8    |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| run                    | 8    |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| ssusp                  | 8    |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| ususp                  | 8    |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| rsv                    | 8    |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| dispatch_window        | 50   | dispwin    |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| ngpus                  | 8    | ng         |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| ngpus_alloc            | 8    | ngu        |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| ngpus_excl_alloc       | 8    | ngx        |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| ngpus_shared_alloc     | 8    | ngs        |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| ngpus_shared_jexcl_all | 8    | ngsjx      |                 |
| oc                     |      |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| ngpus_excl_avail       | 8    | ngfx       |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| ngpus_shared_avail     | 8    | ngfs       |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| attribute              | 50   | attr       |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| mig_alloc              | 5    |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| comments               | 128  |            |                 |
| Note: If combined with |      |            |                 |
| the bhosts -json       |      |            |                 |
| option, this field     |      |            |                 |
| displays full details  |      |            |                 |
| of host closure events |      |            |                 |
| such as event time,    |      |            |                 |
| administrator ID, lock |      |            |                 |
| ID, and comments, as   |      |            |                 |
| shown in the bhosts -l |      |            |                 |
| option.                |      |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
.sp 2
Field names and aliases are not case-sensitive. Valid values for
the output width are any positive integer 1 - 4096.
.SH Example

.sp 2
LSB_BHOSTS_FORMAT="host_name cpuf: jl_u:- max:-6 delimiter=\(aq^\(aq"
.br

.sp 2
Running bhosts displays the following fields:
.sp 2
*  HOST_NAME with unlimited width and left-aligned.
.sp 2
*  CPUF with a maximum width of 10 characters (which is the
   recommended width) and left-aligned.
.sp 2
*  JL_U with a maximum width of 8 characters (which is the
   recommended width) and right-aligned.
.sp 2
*  MAX with a maximum width of 6 characters and right-aligned.
.sp 2
*  The \fR^\fR character is displayed between different headers
   and fields.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined. The current bhosts output is used.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_BJOBS_CONSISTENT_EXIT_CODE\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_BJOBS_CONSISTENT_EXIT_CODE=Y\fR | \fRN\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
When LSB_BJOBS_CONSISTENT_EXIT_CODE=Y, the bjobs command exits
with 0 only when unfinished jobs are found, and 255 when no jobs
are found, or a non-existent job ID is entered.
.sp 2
No jobs are running:
.sp 2
bjobs
.br

.sp 2
No unfinished job found 
.br

.sp 2
echo $?
.br

.sp 2
255
.br

.sp 2
Job 123 does not exist:
.sp 2
bjobs 123
.br

.sp 2
Job <123> is not found
.br

.sp 2
echo $?
.br

.sp 2
255
.br

.sp 2
Job 111 is running:
.sp 2
bjobs 111
.br

.sp 2
JOBID   USER    STAT  QUEUE      FROM_HOST   EXEC_HOST   JOB_NAME   SUBMIT_TIME
.br

.sp 2
111     user1   RUN   normal     hostA       hostB       myjob      Oct 22 09:22
.br

.sp 2
echo $?
.br

.sp 2
0
.br

.sp 2
Job 111 is running, and job 123 does not exist:
.sp 2
bjobs 111 123
.br

.sp 2
JOBID   USER    STAT  QUEUE      FROM_HOST   EXEC_HOST   JOB_NAME   SUBMIT_TIME
.br

.sp 2
111     user1 RUN   normal     hostA hostB myjob Oct 22 09:22
.br

.sp 2
Job <123> is not found
.br

.sp 2
echo $?
.br

.sp 2
255
.br

.sp 2
Job 111 is finished:
.sp 2
bjobs 111
.br

.sp 2
No unfinished job found 
.br

.sp 2
echo $?
.br

.sp 2
255
.br

.sp 2
When LSB_BJOBS_CONSISTENT_EXIT_CODE=N, the bjobs command exits
with 255 only when a non-existent job ID is entered. bjobs
returns 0 when no jobs are found, all jobs are finished, or if at
least one job ID is valid.
.sp 2
No jobs are running:
.sp 2
bjobs
.br

.sp 2
No unfinished job found 
.br

.sp 2
echo $?
.br

.sp 2
0
.br

.sp 2
Job 123 does not exist:
.sp 2
bjobs 123
.br

.sp 2
Job <123> is not found
.br

.sp 2
echo $?
.br

.sp 2
0
.br

.sp 2
Job 111 is running:
.sp 2
bjobs 111
.br

.sp 2
JOBID   USER    STAT  QUEUE      FROM_HOST   EXEC_HOST   JOB_NAME   SUBMIT_TIME
.br

.sp 2
111     user1 RUN   normal     hostA hostB myjob Oct 22 09:22
.br

.sp 2
echo $?
.br

.sp 2
0
.br

.sp 2
Job 111 is running, and job 123 does not exist:
.sp 2
bjobs 111 123
.br

.sp 2
JOBID   USER    STAT  QUEUE      FROM_HOST   EXEC_HOST   JOB_NAME   SUBMIT_TIME
.br

.sp 2
111     user1 RUN   normal     hostA hostB myjob Oct 22 09:22
.br

.sp 2
Job <123> is not found
.br

.sp 2
echo $?
.br

.sp 2
255
.br

.sp 2
Job 111 is finished:
.sp 2
bjobs 111
.br

.sp 2
No unfinished job found 
.br

.sp 2
echo $?
.br

.sp 2
0
.br

.SH Default

.sp 2
N.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_BJOBS_DISPLAY_ENH\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Enables the bjobs command to display the array index as part of
the job ID for array jobs.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_BJOBS_DISPLAY_ENH=Y\fR | \fRy\fR | \fRN\fR | \fRn\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
If set to \fRY\fR or \fRy\fR, the bjobs command displays the
array element index as part of the job ID for array jobs in the
\fRJOBID\fR column. The job ID for array jobs is in the format
\fRjobID[index]\fR.
.SH Default

.sp 2
N.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_BJOBS_FORMAT\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_BJOBS_FORMAT="\fIfield_name\fR\fR[\fR:\fR[\fR-\fR][\fR\fIoutput_width\fR\fR]][\fR:\fIunit_prefix\fR\fR]
 ... [\fRdelimiter=\(aq\fIcharacter\fR\(aq\fR]\fR"\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Sets the customized output format for the bjobs command.
.sp 2
*  Specify which bjobs fields (or aliases instead of the full
   field names), in which order, and with what width to display.
.sp 2
*  Specify only the bjobs field name or alias to set its output
   to unlimited width and left justification.
.sp 2
*  Specify the colon (\fR:\fR) without an output width to set the
   output width to the recommended width for that field.
.sp 2
*  Specify the colon (\fR:\fR) with an output width to set the
   maximum number of characters to display for the field. When
   its value exceeds this width, bjobs truncates the output:
.sp 2
   *  For the JOB_NAME field, bjobs removes the header characters
      and replaces them with an asterisk (\fR*\fR)
.sp 2
   *  For other fields, bjobs truncates the ending characters
.sp 2
*  Specify a hyphen (\fR-\fR) to set right justification when
   bjobs displays the output for the specific field. If not
   specified, the default is to set left justification when bjobs
   displays the output for a field.
.sp 2
*  Specify a second colon (\fR:\fR) with a unit to specify a unit
   prefix for the output for the following fields: \fRmem\fR,
   \fRmax_mem\fR, \fRavg_mem\fR, \fRmemlimit\fR, \fRswap\fR,
   \fRswaplimit\fR, \fRcorelimit\fR, \fRstacklimit\fR, and
   \fRhrusage\fR (for \fRhrusage\fR, the unit prefix is for
   \fRmem\fR and \fRswap\fR resources only).
.sp 2
   This unit is \fRKB\fR (or \fRK\fR) for kilobytes, \fRMB\fR (or
   \fRM\fR) for megabytes, \fRGB\fR (or \fRG\fR) for gigabytes,
   \fRTB\fR (or \fRT\fR) for terabytes, \fRPB\fR (or \fRP\fR) for
   petabytes, \fREB\fR (or \fRE\fR) for exabytes, \fRZB\fR (or
   \fRZ\fR) for zettabytes), or \fRS\fR to automatically adjust
   the value to a suitable unit prefix and remove the "bytes"
   suffix from the unit. The default is to automatically adjust
   the value to a suitable unit prefix, but keep the "bytes"
   suffix in the unit.
.sp 2
   The display value keeps two decimals but rounds up the third
   decimal. For example, if the unit prefix is set to \fRG\fR,
   \fR10M\fR displays as \fR0.01G\fR.
.sp 2
   The unit prefix specified here overrides the value of the
   \fBLSB_UNIT_FOR_JOBS_DISPLAY\fR environment variable, which
   also overrides the value of the
   \fBLSB_UNIT_FOR_JOBS_DISPLAY\fR parameter in the lsf.conf
   file.
.sp 2
*  Use \fRdelimiter=\fR to set the delimiting character to
   display between different headers and fields. This delimiter
   must be a single character. By default, the delimiter is a
   space.
.sp 2
Output customization applies only to the output for certain bjobs
options:
.sp 2
*  \fBLSB_BJOBS_FORMAT\fR and bjobs -o both apply to output for
   the bjobs command with no options, and for bjobs options with
   short form output that filter information, including the
   following options: -a, -app, -d, -g, -G, -J, -Jd, -Lp, -m, -P,
   -q, -r, -sla, -u, -x, -X.
.sp 2
*  \fBLSB_BJOBS_FORMAT\fR does not apply to output for bjobs
   options that use a modified format and filter information, but
   you can use bjobs -o to customize the output for these
   options. These options include the following options: -fwd,
   -N, -p, -s.
.sp 2
*  \fBLSB_BJOBS_FORMAT\fR and bjobs -o do not apply to output for
   bjobs options that use a modified format, including the
   following options: -A, -aff, -aps, -l, -UF, -ss, -sum, -UF,
   -w, -W, -WF, -WL, -WP.
.sp 2
The bjobs -o option overrides the \fBLSB_BJOBS_FORMAT\fR
environment variable, which overrides the \fBLSB_BJOBS_FORMAT\fR
setting in lsf.conf.
.SH Valid values

.sp 2
The following are the field names used to specify the bjobs
fields to display, recommended width, aliases you can use instead
of field names, and units of measurement for the displayed field:
.sp 2
\fBTable 1. Output fields for bjobs\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| Field name             | Widt | Aliases    | Unit            |
|                        | h    |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| jobid                  | 7    | id         |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| jobindex               | 8    |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| stat                   | 5    |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| user                   | 7    |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| user_group             | 15   | ugroup     |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| queue                  | 10   |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| job_name               | 10   | name       |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| job_description        | 17   | descriptio |                 |
|                        |      | n          |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| proj_name              | 11   | proj,      |                 |
|                        |      | project    |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| application            | 13   | app        |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| service_class          | 13   | sla        |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| job_group              | 10   | group      |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| job_priority           | 12   | priority   |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| rsvid                  | 40   |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| esub                   | 20   |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| kill_reason            | 50   |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| suspend_reason         | 50   |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| resume_reason          | 50   |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| kill_issue_host        | 50   |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| suspend_issue_host     | 50   |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| resume_issue_host      | 50   |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| dependency             | 15   |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| pend_reason            | 11   |            |                 |
| This displays the      |      |            |                 |
| single key pending     |      |            |                 |
| reason, including      |      |            |                 |
| custom messages,       |      |            |                 |
| regardless of the      |      |            |                 |
| default pending reason |      |            |                 |
| level as specified in  |      |            |                 |
| the                    |      |            |                 |
| LSB_BJOBS_PENDREASON_L |      |            |                 |
| EVEL parameter in the  |      |            |                 |
| lsf.conf file.         |      |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| charged_saap           | 50   | saap       |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| command                | 15   | cmd        |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| pre_exec_command       | 16   | pre_cmd    |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| post_exec_command      | 17   | post_cmd   |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| resize_notification_co | 27   | resize_cmd |                 |
| mmand                  |      |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| pids                   | 20   |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| exit_code              | 10   |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| exit_reason            | 50   |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| interactive            | 11   |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| from_host              | 11   |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| first_host             | 11   |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| exec_host              | 11   |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| nexec_host             | 10   |            |                 |
| Note: If the allocated |      |            |                 |
| host group or compute  |      |            |                 |
| unit is condensed,     |      |            |                 |
| this field does not    |      |            |                 |
| display the real       |      |            |                 |
| number of hosts. Use   |      |            |                 |
| bjobs -X -o to view    |      |            |                 |
| the real number of     |      |            |                 |
| hosts in these         |      |            |                 |
| situations.            |      |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| ask_hosts              | 30   |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| alloc_slot             | 20   |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| nalloc_slot            | 10   |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| host_file              | 10   |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| exclusive              | 13   |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| nreq_slot              | 10   |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| submit_time            | 15   |            | time stamp      |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| start_time             | 15   |            | time stamp      |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| estimated_start_time   | 20   | estart_tim | time stamp      |
|                        |      | e          |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| specified_start_time   | 20   | sstart_tim | time stamp      |
|                        |      | e          |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| specified_terminate_ti | 24   | sterminate | time stamp      |
| me                     |      | _time      |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| time_left              | 11   |            | seconds         |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| finish_time            | 16   |            | time stamp      |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| estimated_run_time     | 20   | ertime     | seconds         |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| ru_utime               | 12   |            | seconds         |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| ru_stime               | 12   |            | seconds         |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| %complete              | 11   |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| warning_action         | 15   | warn_act   |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| action_warning_time    | 19   | warn_time  |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| pendstate              | 9    |            |                 |
| (IPEND/EPEND/NOTPEND)  |      |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| pend_time              | 12   |            | seconds         |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| ependtime              | 12   |            | seconds         |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| ipendtime              | 12   |            | seconds         |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| estimated_sim_start_ti | 24   | esstart_ti | time stamp      |
| me                     |      | me         |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| effective_plimit (run  | 18   |            | seconds         |
| with bjobs -p to show  |      |            |                 |
| information for        |      |            |                 |
| pending jobs only)     |      |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| plimit_remain (run     | 15   |            | seconds         |
| with bjobs -p to show  |      |            |                 |
| information for        |      |            |                 |
| pending jobs only)     |      |            |                 |
| A negative number      |      |            |                 |
| indicates the amount   |      |            |                 |
| of time in which the   |      |            |                 |
| job exceeded the       |      |            |                 |
| pending time limit,    |      |            |                 |
| while a positive       |      |            |                 |
| number shows that the  |      |            |                 |
| time remaining until   |      |            |                 |
| the pending time limit |      |            |                 |
| is reached.            |      |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| effective_eplimit (run | 19   |            | seconds         |
| with bjobs -p to show  |      |            |                 |
| information for        |      |            |                 |
| pending jobs only)     |      |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| eplimit_remain (run    | 16   |            | seconds         |
| with bjobs -p to show  |      |            |                 |
| information for        |      |            |                 |
| pending jobs only)     |      |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| cpu_used               | 10   |            |                 |
| A negative number      |      |            |                 |
| indicates the amount   |      |            |                 |
| of time in which the   |      |            |                 |
| job exceeded the       |      |            |                 |
| pending time limit,    |      |            |                 |
| while a positive       |      |            |                 |
| number shows that the  |      |            |                 |
| time remaining until   |      |            |                 |
| the pending time limit |      |            |                 |
| is reached.            |      |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| idle_factor            | 11   |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| exception_status       | 16   | except_sta |                 |
|                        |      | t          |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| slots                  | 5    |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| mem                    | 10   |            | LSF_UNIT_FOR_LI |
|                        |      |            | MITS in         |
|                        |      |            | lsf.conf (KB by |
|                        |      |            | default)        |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| max_mem                | 10   |            | LSF_UNIT_FOR_LI |
|                        |      |            | MITS in         |
|                        |      |            | lsf.conf (KB by |
|                        |      |            | default)        |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| avg_mem                | 10   |            | LSF_UNIT_FOR_LI |
|                        |      |            | MITS in         |
|                        |      |            | lsf.conf (KB by |
|                        |      |            | default)        |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| memlimit               | 10   |            | LSF_UNIT_FOR_LI |
|                        |      |            | MITS in         |
|                        |      |            | lsf.conf (KB by |
|                        |      |            | default)        |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| swap                   | 10   |            | LSF_UNIT_FOR_LI |
|                        |      |            | MITS in         |
|                        |      |            | lsf.conf (KB by |
|                        |      |            | default)        |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| swaplimit              | 10   |            | LSF_UNIT_FOR_LI |
|                        |      |            | MITS in         |
|                        |      |            | lsf.conf (KB by |
|                        |      |            | default)        |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| gpu_num                | 10   | gnum       |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| gpu_mode               | 20   | gmode      |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| j_exclusive            | 15   | j_excl     |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| gpu_alloc              | 30   | galloc     |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| nthreads               | 10   |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| hrusage                | 50   |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| min_req_proc           | 12   |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| max_req_proc           | 12   |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| effective_resreq       | 17   | eresreq    |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| combined_resreq        | 20   | cresreq    |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| network_req            | 15   |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| filelimit              | 10   |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| corelimit              | 10   |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| stacklimit             | 10   |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| processlimit           | 12   |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| runtimelimit           | 12   |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| plimit                 | 10   |            | seconds         |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| eplimit                | 10   |            | seconds         |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| input_file             | 10   |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| output_file            | 11   |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| error_file             | 10   |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| output_dir             | 15   |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| sub_cwd                | 10   |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| exec_home              | 10   |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| exec_cwd               | 10   |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| licproject             | 20   |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| forward_cluster        | 15   | fwd_cluste |                 |
|                        |      | r          |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| forward_time           | 15   | fwd_time   | time stamp      |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| srcjobid               | 8    |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| dstjobid               | 8    |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| source_cluster         | 15   | srcluster  |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| energy                 |      |            | Joule           |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| gpfsio                 |      |            |                 |
| Job disk usage (I/O)   |      |            |                 |
| data on IBM Spectrum   |      |            |                 |
| Scale.                 |      |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
.sp 2
Field names and aliases are not case-sensitive. Valid values for
the output width are any positive integer 1 - 4096. If the jobid
field is defined with no output width and
\fBLSB_JOBID_DISP_LENGTH\fR is defined in lsf.conf, the
\fBLSB_JOBID_DISP_LENGTH\fR value is used for the output width.
If jobid is defined with a specified output width, the specified
output width overrides the \fBLSB_JOBID_DISP_LENGTH\fR value.
.SH Example

.sp 2
LSB_BJOBS_FORMAT="jobid stat: queue:- project:10 application:-6 mem:12:G delimiter=\(aq^\(aq"
.br

.sp 2
Running bjobs displays the following fields:
.sp 2
*  JOBID with unlimited width and left-aligned. If
   LSB_JOBID_DISP_LENGTH is specified, that value is used for the
   output width instead.
.sp 2
*  STAT with a maximum width of 5 characters (which is the
   recommended width) and left-aligned.
.sp 2
*  QUEUE with a maximum width of 10 characters (which is the
   recommended width) and right-aligned.
.sp 2
*  PROJECT with a maximum width of 10 characters and
   left-aligned.
.sp 2
*  APPLICATION with a maximum width of 6 characters and
   right-aligned.
.sp 2
*  MEM with a maximum width of 12 characters, a unit prefix of G
   (for gigabytes), and left-aligned.
.sp 2
*  The \fR^\fR character is displayed between different headers
   and fields.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined. The current bjobs output is used.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_BJOBS_PENDREASON_LEVEL\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_BJOBS_PENDREASON_LEVEL=0|1|2|3\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Sets the default behavior for displaying pending reasons when a
user enters the bjobs -p or bsub -I command. For bjobs -p, the
default is used if the user does not specify a level of 0 to 3
with the -p option.
.SH Values

.sp 2
*  0: Displays pending reason as before the LSF 10.1 release.
.sp 2
*  1: Displays the single key pending reason.
.sp 2
*  2: Displays categorized, host-based pending reasons for
   candidate hosts in the cluster. For the candidate hosts, the
   actual reason on each host is shown. For each pending reason,
   the number of hosts that give the reason is shown. The actual
   pending reason messages appear from most to least common.
.sp 2
*  3: Displays categorized, host-based pending reasons for both
   candidate and non-candidate hosts in the cluster. For both the
   candidate and non-candidate hosts, the actual pending reason
   on each host is shown. For each pending reason, the number of
   hosts that show that reason is given. The actual reason
   messages appear from most to least common.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Set to 0 by default.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_BLOCK_JOBINFO_TIMEOUT\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_BLOCK_JOBINFO_TIMEOUT=\fR\fItime_minutes\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Timeout in minutes for job information query commands (e.g.,
bjobs).
.SH Valid values

.sp 2
Any positive integer
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined (no timeout)
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBMAX_JOBINFO_QUERY_PERIOD\fR in lsb.params
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_BMGROUP_ALLREMOTE_EXPAND\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
This \fRlsf.conf\fR configuration option selects the display of
leased-in hosts as a list, or replaces the list with the
allremote keyword in bmgroup output.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_BMGROUP_ALLREMOTE_EXPAND=N\fR | \fRn\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
This \fRlsf.conf\fR configuration option can be defined to
\fRY|y\fR or \fRN|n\fR. If the value is \fRY|y\fR, leased-in
hosts are displayed as a list of hosts in the form
\fRhost_name@cluster_name\fR (for example, \fRhosta@cluster1\fR).
.sp 2
If the value is \fRN|n\fR, leased-in hosts are represented by a
single keyword \fRallremote\fR instead of being displayed as a
list.
.sp 2
Can also be defined as an environment variable.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Y.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_BPEEK_REMOTE_OUTPUT\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_BPEEK_REMOTE_OUTPUT=y|Y|n|N\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
If disabled (set to N), the bpeek command attempts to retrieve
the job output from the local host first. If that fails, bpeek
attempts to retrieve the job output from the remote host instead.
.sp 2
If enabled (set to Y), it is the opposite. The bpeek command
attempts to retrieve the job output from the remote host first,
then the local host.
.sp 2
When attempting to retrieve the job output from the remote host,
bpeek attempts to use RES first, then rsh. If neither is running
on the remote host, the bpeek command cannot retrieve job output.
.SH Best Practices

.sp 2
Three directories are related to the bpeek command:
.sp 2
*  the user’s home directory
.sp 2
*  the JOB_SPOOL_DIR directory
.sp 2
*  the checkpoint directory
.sp 2
If these directories are on a shared file system, this parameter
can be disabled.
.sp 2
If any of these directories are not on a shared file system, this
parameter should be enabled, and either RES or rsh should be
started on the remote job execution host.
.SH Default

.sp 2
N
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_BSUB_ERR_RETRY\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_BSUB_ERR_RETRY=RETRY_CNT[\fR\fIinteger\fR\fR]
ERR_TYPE[\fR\fIerror1\fR [\fIerror2\fR] [...]\fR]\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
In some cases, jobs can benefit from being automatically retried
in the case of failing for a particular error. When specified,
\fBLSB_BSUB_ERR_RETRY\fR automatically retries jobs that exit
with a particular reason, up to the number of times specified by
\fRRETRY_CNT\fR.
.sp 2
Only the following error types (\fBERR_TYPE\fR) are supported:
.sp 2
*  
   BAD_XDR: Error during XDR.
.sp 2
*  
   MSG_SYS: Failed to send or receive a message.
.sp 2
*  
   INTERNAL: Internal library error.
.sp 2
The number of retries (\fRRETRY_CNT\fR) can be a minimum of 1 to
a maximum of 50.
.sp 2
Considerations when setting this parameter:
.sp 2
*  
   Users may experience what seems like a lag during job
   submission while the job is retried automatically in the
   background.
.sp 2
*  
   Users may see a job submitted more than once, with no
   explanation (no error is communicated to the user; the job
   keeps getting submitted until it succeeds or reaches its
   maximum retry count). In this case, the job ID also changes
   each time the error is retried.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined. If retry count is not valid, defaults to 5.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_BSUB_PARSE_SCRIPT \fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Specifies whether you can use the bsub command to parse and run
job scripts from the command line.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_BSUB_PARSE_SCRIPT=Y|y|N|n\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
When set to \fRY|y\fR, you can use the bsub command to open,
parse, and run job scripts directly from the command line. Submit
a job with the job script as a command. The job script must be an
ASCII text file and not a binary file.
.sp 2
By default (or when set to \fRN|n\fR), the bsub command does not
open, parse, and run job scripts directly from the command line.
bsub runs them as regular executable jobs.
.sp 2
*  Write a job file one line at a time. Run bsub without
   specifying a command, then specify valid Bourne shell commands
   or Windows batch file command lines at each \fRbsub>\fR
   prompt.
.sp 2
*  Use the \fR<\fR redirect to specify an ASCII text file that
   contains either Bourne shell command lines or Windows batch
   file command lines.
.sp 2
Use the \fR#BSUB\fR imperative (in upper case letters) at the
beginning of each line to specify job submission options in the
script.
.SH Example

.sp 2
For example, the following script (myscript.sh) uses the
\fR#BSUB\fR imperative to run the myjob1 arg1 and myjob2 arg2
commands with the bsub -n 2 and -P myproj options:
.sp 2
#!/bin/sh
.br
#BSUB -n 2
.br
myjob1 arg1
.br
myjob2 arg2
.br
#BSUB -P myproj
.sp 2
By default, run the following command to use this job script:
.sp 2
bsub myscript.sh
.sp 2
If \fRLSB_BSUB_PARSE_SCRIPT=N\fR is set, run the following
command to use this job script:
.sp 2
bsub < myscript.sh
.sp 2
Alternatively, manually specify job submission options one line
at a time to run the same commands as the previous myscript.sh
file:
.sp 2
% bsub
.br
bsub> #BSUB -n 2
.br
bsub> myjob1 arg1
.br
bsub> myjob2 arg2
.br
bsub> #BSUB -P myproj
.br
bsub> ^D
.SH Default

.sp 2
N
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf
.sp 2
\fBRelated concepts\fR
.br
Write job scripts

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_BUSERS_FORMAT\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_BUSERS_FORMAT="\fIfield_name\fR\fR ...\fR"\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Sets the customized output format for the busers command. Specify
which busers fields to display, and in which order.
.sp 2
The busers -o option overrides the \fBLSB_BUSERS_FORMAT\fR
environment variable, which overrides the \fBLSB_BUSERS_FORMAT\fR
setting in lsf.conf.
.SH Valid values

.sp 2
The following are the field names used to specify the busers
fields to display:
.sp 2
*  user (the name of the user or user group)
.sp 2
*  jl/p
.sp 2
*  max
.sp 2
*  nstart (the current number of starting tasks for all of a
   users\(aq jobs)
.sp 2
*  pend
.sp 2
*  run
.sp 2
*  ssusp
.sp 2
*  ususp
.sp 2
*  rsv
.sp 2
*  njobs
.sp 2
*  pjobs
.sp 2
*  mpend
.sp 2
*  mpjobs
.sp 2
*  priority
.sp 2
*  ngpus (the number of physical GPUs that the users or user
   groups are using)
.sp 2
*  ngpus_shared (the number of physical GPUs that the users or
   user groups are using in shared mode)
.sp 2
*  ngpus_excl (the number of physical GPUs that the users or user
   groups are using in exclusive mode)
.sp 2
*  ngpus_shared_jexcl (the number of physical GPUs that the users
   or user groups are using in shared mode, but the jobs of the
   user is exclusive)
.sp 2
Field names are case-sensitive.
.SH Example

.sp 2
\fRLSB_BUSERS_FORMAT="user ngpus_alloc ngpus_excl_alloc
ngpus_shared_alloc ngpus_shared_jexcl_alloc"\fR
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined. The current busers output is used.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_BWAIT_REREG_INTERVAL\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fBLSB_BWAIT_REREG_INTERVAL=\fRminutes
.SH Description

.sp 2
Specifies the default time interval to reregister the wait
condition from the bwait command to the mbatchd daemon, in
minutes.
.sp 2
If you do not run the bwait -r option, the bwait command uses
this parameter value as the default.
.SH Valid values

.sp 2
An integer between 1 and 525600 (one year).
.SH Default

.sp 2
10 minutes.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_CALL_LIM_RETRY\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Specifies the maximum number of times that the mbatchd daemon
attempts to contact the management host LIM when mbatchd cannot
detect the LIM.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_CALL_LIM_RETRY=\fR\fIinteger\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
The mbatchd daemon periodically checks the management host LIM to
make sure that it is up. If the LIM is temporarily down (for
example, after restarting or reconfiguring a cluster), this
parameter specifies the maximum number of times that mbatchd
attempts to contact the LIM before it exits. mbatchd waits for 2
seconds before attempting to contact the LIM again.
.sp 2
For medium clusters (100 - 1000 hosts), specify \fR40\fR.
Increase this number for larger clusters.
.SH Valid values

.sp 2
Any positive integer or zero
.SH Default

.sp 2
0.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_CGROUP_MEM_INCLUDE_CACHE\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Specifies whether LSF includes rss and cache in the memory usage
report when Linux cgroups are enabled.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_CGROUP_MEM_INCLUDE_CACHE=Y|y|N|n\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
When set to \fRY|y\fR, LSF includes rss and cache in the memory
usage report when Linux cgroups are enabled.
.sp 2
When set to \fRN|n\fR, LSF only includes rss in the memory usage
report when Linux cgroups are enabled.
.sp 2
Short jobs might not have memory usage to be displayed when the
\fBLSB_CGROUP_MEM_INCLUDE_CACHE\fR is not defined or defined as
\fRN\fR.
.SH Default

.sp 2
N
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_CHECK_JOB_PID_REUSE_ON_REBOOT \fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_CHECK_JOB_PID_REUSE_ON_REBOOT\fR=\fRy\fR|\fRY\fR|\fRn\fR|\fRN\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
If set, LSF will create a jobid.processid.stt file under
LSF_TMPDIR/.clustername.sbd/ on the execution host when a job is
started, and will clean it when job is finished. When the
execution host is rebooted, LSF will check if the job process id
has been reused by another process. If it has, the job status
will change to exit status.
.SH Default

.sp 2
\fRn\fR|\fRN\fR. Do not check if the host job pid is reused when
the host is rebooted.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_CHUNK_RUSAGE\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_CHUNK_RUSAGE=y\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
\fBNote: \fRThis parameter is deprecated and might be removed in
a future version of LSF.
.sp 2
Applies only to chunk jobs. When set, sbatchd contacts PIM to
retrieve resource usage information to enforce resource usage
limits on chunk jobs.
.sp 2
By default, resource usage limits are not enforced for chunk jobs
because chunk jobs are typically too short to allow LSF to
collect resource usage.
.sp 2
If LSB_CHUNK_RUSAGE=Y is defined, limits may not be enforced for
chunk jobs that take less than a minute to run.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined. No resource usage is collected for chunk jobs.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_CMD_LOG_MASK\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_CMD_LOG_MASK=\fR\fIlog_level\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Specifies the logging level of error messages from LSF batch
commands.
.sp 2
To specify the logging level of error messages for LSF commands,
use LSF_CMD_LOG_MASK. To specify the logging level of error
messages for LSF daemons, use LSF_LOG_MASK.
.sp 2
LSB_CMD_LOG_MASK sets the log level and is used in combination
with LSB_DEBUG_CMD, which sets the log class for LSF batch
commands. For example:
.sp 2
LSB_CMD_LOG_MASK=LOG_DEBUG LSB_DEBUG_CMD="LC_TRACE LC_EXEC" 
.br

.sp 2
LSF commands log error messages in different levels so that you
can choose to log all messages, or only log messages that are
deemed critical. The level specified by LSB_CMD_LOG_MASK
determines which messages are recorded and which are discarded.
All messages logged at the specified level or higher are
recorded, while lower level messages are discarded.
.sp 2
For debugging purposes, the level LOG_DEBUG contains the fewest
number of debugging messages and is used for basic debugging. The
level LOG_DEBUG3 records all debugging messages, and can cause
log files to grow very large; it is not often used. Most
debugging is done at the level LOG_DEBUG2.
.sp 2
The commands log to the \fRsyslog\fR facility unless
LSB_CMD_LOGDIR is set.
.SH Valid values

.sp 2
The log levels from highest to lowest are:
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_EMERG
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_ALERT
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_CRIT
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_ERR
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_WARNING
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_NOTICE
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_INFO
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_DEBUG
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_DEBUG1
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_DEBUG2
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_DEBUG3
.SH Default

.sp 2
LOG_WARNING
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSB_CMD_LOGDIR\fR, \fBLSB_DEBUG\fR, \fBLSB_DEBUG_CMD\fR,
\fBLSB_TIME_CMD\fR, \fBLSF_CMD_LOGDIR\fR, \fBLSF_CMD_LOG_MASK\fR,
\fBLSF_LOG_MASK\fR, \fBLSF_LOGDIR\fR, \fBLSF_TIME_CMD\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_CMD_LOGDIR\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_CMD_LOGDIR=\fR\fIpath\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Specifies the path to the LSF command log files.
.SH Default

.sp 2
/tmp
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSB_CMD_LOGDIR\fR, \fBLSB_DEBUG\fR, \fBLSB_DEBUG_CMD\fR,
\fBLSB_TIME_CMD\fR, \fBLSF_CMD_LOGDIR\fR, \fBLSF_CMD_LOG_MASK\fR,
\fBLSF_LOG_MASK\fR, \fBLSF_LOGDIR\fR, \fBLSF_TIME_CMD\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_CONFDIR\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_CONFDIR=\fR\fIpath\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Specifies the path to the directory containing the LSF
configuration files.
.sp 2
The configuration directories are installed under
\fBLSB_CONFDIR\fR.
.sp 2
Configuration files for each cluster are stored in a subdirectory
of \fBLSB_CONFDIR\fR. This subdirectory contains several files
that define user and host lists, operation parameters, and
queues.
.sp 2
All files and directories under \fBLSB_CONFDIR\fR must be
readable from all hosts in the cluster.
LSB_CONFDIR\fR/\fRcluster_name\fR/\fRconfigdir must be owned by
the LSF administrator.
.sp 2
If live reconfiguration through the bconf command is enabled by
the parameter \fBLSF_LIVE_CONFDIR\fR, configuration files are
written to and read from the directory set by
\fBLSF_LIVE_CONFDIR\fR.
.sp 2
Do not change this parameter after LSF has been installed.
.SH Default

.sp 2
LSF_CONFDIR/lsbatch
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSF_CONFDIR\fR, \fBLSF_LIVE_CONFDIR\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_CPUSET_BESTCPUS\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_CPUSET_BESTCPUS=y\fR | \fRY\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
\fBNote: \fRThis parameter is now deprecated and might be removed
in a future version of LSF.
.sp 2
If set, enables the best-fit algorithm for SGI cpusets
.SH Default

.sp 2
Y (best-fit)
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_CPUSET_DISPLAY_CPULIST\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_CPUSET_DISPLAY_CPULIST=Y\fR | \fRN\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
\fBNote: \fRThis parameter is now deprecated and might be removed
in a future version of LSF.
.sp 2
The bjobs/bhist/bacct -l commands display the CPU IDs in the
dynamic CPUset allocated on each host. The CPU IDs are displayed
as CPUS=cpu_ID_list after NCPUS=num_cpus for each host. The
cpu_ID_list is displayed in condensed format as a range of
continuous IDs.
.sp 2
After enabling \fBLSB_CPUSET_DISPLAY_CPULIST\fR in lsf.conf, the
LSF administrator must run badmin reconfig to make the change
effective. CPU IDs are shown in bjobs/bhist/bacct -l for the
cpuset jobs dispatched after badmin reconfig.
.SH Default

.sp 2
N. bjobs/bhist/bacct -l do not display CPU IDs for cpusets
allocated on each host.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_DEBUG\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_DEBUG=1\fR | \fR2\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Sets the LSF batch system to debug.
.sp 2
If defined, LSF runs in single user mode:
.sp 2
*  
   No security checking is performed
.sp 2
*  
   Daemons do not run as root
.sp 2
When LSB_DEBUG is defined, LSF does not look in the system
services database for port numbers. Instead, it uses the port
numbers defined by the parameters LSB_MBD_PORT/LSB_SBD_PORT in
lsf.conf. If these parameters are not defined, it uses port
number 40000 for mbatchd and port number 40001 for sbatchd.
.sp 2
You should always specify 1 for this parameter unless you are
testing LSF.
.sp 2
Can also be defined from the command line.
.SH Valid values

.sp 2
LSB_DEBUG=1
.sp 2
The LSF system runs in the background with no associated control
terminal.
.sp 2
LSB_DEBUG=2
.sp 2
The LSF system runs in the foreground and prints error messages
to tty.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSB_DEBUG\fR, \fBLSB_DEBUG_CMD\fR, \fBLSB_DEBUG_MBD\fR,
\fBLSB_DEBUG_NQS\fR, \fBLSB_DEBUG_SBD\fR, \fBLSB_DEBUG_SCH\fR,
\fBLSF_DEBUG_LIM\fR, \fBLSF_DEBUG_RES\fR, \fBLSF_LIM_PORT\fR,
\fBLSF_RES_PORT\fR, \fBLSB_MBD_PORT\fR, \fBLSB_SBD_PORT\fR,
\fBLSF_LOGDIR\fR, \fBLSF_LIM_DEBUG\fR, \fBLSF_RES_DEBUG\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_DEBUG_CMD \fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_DEBUG_CMD=\fR\fIlog_class\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Sets the debugging log class for commands and APIs.
.sp 2
Specifies the log class filtering to be applied to LSF batch
commands or the API. Only messages belonging to the specified log
class are recorded.
.sp 2
LSB_DEBUG_CMD sets the log class and is used in combination with
LSB_CMD_LOG_MASK, which sets the log level. For example:
.sp 2
LSB_CMD_LOG_MASK=LOG_DEBUG LSB_DEBUG_CMD="LC_TRACE LC_EXEC" 
.br

.sp 2
Debugging is turned on when you define both parameters.
.sp 2
The daemons log to the syslog facility unless LSB_CMD_LOGDIR is
defined.
.sp 2
To specify multiple log classes, use a space-separated list
enclosed by quotation marks. For example:
.sp 2
LSB_DEBUG_CMD="LC_TRACE LC_EXEC"
.br

.sp 2
Can also be defined from the command line.
.SH Valid values

.sp 2
Valid log classes are:
.sp 2
*  LC_ADVRSV and LC2_ADVRSV: Log advance reservation
   modifications
.sp 2
*  LC_AFS and LC2_AFS: Log AFS messages
.sp 2
*  LC_AUTH and LC2_AUTH: Log authentication messages
.sp 2
*  LC_CHKPNT and LC2_CHKPNT: Log checkpointing messages
.sp 2
*  LC_COMM and LC2_COMM: Log communication messages
.sp 2
*  LC_DCE and LC2_DCE: Log messages pertaining to DCE support
.sp 2
*  LC_EEVENTD and LC2_EEVENTD: Log eeventd messages
.sp 2
*  LC_ELIM and LC2_ELIM: Log ELIM messages
.sp 2
*  LC_EXEC and LC2_EXEC: Log significant steps for job execution
.sp 2
*  LC_FAIR and LC2_FAIR: Log fairshare policy messages
.sp 2
*  LC_FILE and LC2_FILE: Log file transfer messages
.sp 2
*  LC_FLEX and LC2_FLEX: Log messages related to FlexNet
.sp 2
*  LC2_GUARANTEE: Log messages related to guarantee SLAs
.sp 2
*  LC_HANG and LC2_HANG: Mark where a program might hang
.sp 2
*  LC_JARRAY and LC2_JARRAY: Log job array messages
.sp 2
*  LC_JLIMIT and LC2_JLIMIT: Log job slot limit messages
.sp 2
*  LC2_LIVECONF: Log live reconfiguration messages
.sp 2
*  LC_LOADINDX and LC2_LOADINDX: Log load index messages
.sp 2
*  LC_M_LOG and LC2_M_LOG: Log multievent logging messages
.sp 2
*  LC_MEMORY and LC2_MEMORY: Log messages related to MEMORY
   allocation
.sp 2
*  LC_MPI and LC2_MPI: Log MPI messages
.sp 2
*  LC_MULTI and LC2_MULTI: Log messages pertaining to
   MultiCluster
.sp 2
*  LC_PEND and LC2_PEND: Log messages related to job pending
   reasons
.sp 2
*  LC_PERFM and LC2_PERFM: Log performance messages
.sp 2
*  LC_PIM and LC2_PIM: Log PIM messages
.sp 2
*  LC_PREEMPT and LC2_PREEMPT: Log preemption policy messages
.sp 2
*  LC_RESOURCE and LC2_RESOURCE: Log messages related to resource
   broker
.sp 2
*  LC_RESREQ and LC2_RESREQ: Log resource requirement messages
.sp 2
*  LC_SCHED and LC2_SCHED: Log messages pertaining to the mbatchd
   scheduler.
.sp 2
*  LC_SIGNAL and LC2_SIGNAL: Log messages pertaining to signals
.sp 2
*  LC_SYS and LC2_SYS: Log system call messages
.sp 2
*  LC_TRACE and LC2_TRACE: Log significant program walk steps
.sp 2
*  LC_XDR and LC2_XDR: Log everything transferred by XDR
.sp 2
*  LC_XDRVERSION and LC2_XDRVERSION: Log messages for XDR version
.sp 2
*  LC2_KRB: Log message related to Kerberos integration
.sp 2
*  LC2_DC: Log message related to Dynamic Cluster
.sp 2
*  LC2_CGROUP: Log message related to cgroup operation
.sp 2
*  LC2_TOPOLOGY: Log message related to hardware topology
.sp 2
*  LC2_AFFINITY: Log message related to affinity
.sp 2
*  LC2_LSF_PE: Log message related to LSF PE integration
.sp 2
*  LC2_DAS: Log message related to LSF data manager
.sp 2
*  LC2_RC: Log resource connector messages
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSB_CMD_LOG_MASK\fR, \fBLSB_CMD_LOGDIR\fR, \fBLSB_DEBUG\fR,
\fBLSB_DEBUG_MBD\fR, \fBLSB_DEBUG_NQS\fR, \fBLSB_DEBUG_SBD\fR,
\fBLSB_DEBUG_SCH\fR, \fBLSF_DEBUG_LIM\fR, \fBLSF_DEBUG_RES\fR,
\fBLSF_LIM_PORT\fR, \fBLSF_RES_PORT\fR, \fBLSB_MBD_PORT\fR,
\fBLSB_SBD_PORT\fR, \fBLSF_LOGDIR\fR, \fBLSF_LIM_DEBUG\fR,
\fBLSF_RES_DEBUG\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_DEBUG_GPD\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_DEBUG_GPD=log_class\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Sets the debugging log class for gpolicyd. Only messages
belonging to the specified log class are recorded.
.sp 2
\fBLSB_DEBUG_GPD\fR is used in combination with
\fBLSF_LOG_MASK\fR which sets the log level. For example:
.sp 2
*  
   \fBLSF_LOG_MASK\fR=\fRLOG_DEBUG\fR
.sp 2
*  
   \fBLSB_DEBUG_GPD\fR="LC_TRACE LC_COMM"
.sp 2
To specify multiple log classes, use a space-separated list
enclosed in quotation marks. For example:
.sp 2
\fBLSB_DEBUG_GPD\fR="LC_TRACE LC2_G_FAIR"
.sp 2
You must restart the daemons after setting \fBLSB_DEBUG_GPD\fR
for your changes to take effect.
.SH Valid values

.sp 2
*  
   LC_AUTH - Log authentication messages
.sp 2
*  
   LC_COMM - Log communication messages
.sp 2
*  
   LC_SYS - Log system call messages
.sp 2
*  
   LC_TRACE - Log significant program walk steps
.sp 2
*  
   LC_XDR - Log everything transferred by XDR
.sp 2
*  
   LC_XDRVERSION - Log messages for XDR version
.sp 2
*  
   LC2_G_FAIR - Log messages for global fairshare.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_DEBUG_MBD\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_DEBUG_MBD=\fR\fIlog_class\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Sets the debugging log class for mbatchd.
.sp 2
Specifies the log class filtering to be applied to mbatchd. Only
messages belonging to the specified log class are recorded.
.sp 2
LSB_DEBUG_MBD sets the log class and is used in combination with
LSF_LOG_MASK, which sets the log level. For example:
.sp 2
LSF_LOG_MASK=LOG_DEBUG LSB_DEBUG_MBD="LC_TRACE LC_EXEC"
.br

.sp 2
To specify multiple log classes, use a space-separated list
enclosed in quotation marks. For example:
.sp 2
LSB_DEBUG_MBD="LC_TRACE LC_EXEC"
.br

.sp 2
You need to restart the daemons after setting LSB_DEBUG_MBD for
your changes to take effect.
.sp 2
If you use the command badmin mbddebug to temporarily change this
parameter without changing lsf.conf, you do not need to restart
the daemons.
.SH Valid values

.sp 2
Valid log classes are the same as for \fBLSB_DEBUG_CMD\fR except
for the log class \fBLC_ELIM\fR, which cannot be used with
\fBLSB_DEBUG_MBD\fR. See \fBLSB_DEBUG_CMD\fR.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSB_CMD_LOG_MASK\fR, \fBLSB_CMD_LOGDIR\fR, \fBLSB_DEBUG\fR,
\fBLSB_DEBUG_MBD\fR, \fBLSB_DEBUG_NQS\fR, \fBLSB_DEBUG_SBD\fR,
\fBLSB_DEBUG_SCH\fR, \fBLSF_DEBUG_LIM\fR, \fBLSF_DEBUG_RES\fR,
\fBLSF_LIM_PORT\fR, \fBLSF_RES_PORT\fR, \fBLSB_MBD_PORT\fR,
\fBLSB_SBD_PORT\fR, \fBLSF_LOGDIR\fR, \fBLSF_LIM_DEBUG\fR,
\fBLSF_RES_DEBUG\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_DEBUG_SBD\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_DEBUG_SBD=\fR\fIlog_class\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Sets the debugging log class for sbatchd.
.sp 2
Specifies the log class filtering to be applied to sbatchd. Only
messages belonging to the specified log class are recorded.
.sp 2
LSB_DEBUG_SBD sets the log class and is used in combination with
LSF_LOG_MASK, which sets the log level. For example:
.sp 2
LSF_LOG_MASK=LOG_DEBUG LSB_DEBUG_SBD="LC_TRACE LC_EXEC" 
.br

.sp 2
To specify multiple log classes, use a space-separated list
enclosed in quotation marks. For example:
.sp 2
LSB_DEBUG_SBD="LC_TRACE LC_EXEC"
.br

.sp 2
You need to restart the daemons after setting LSB_DEBUG_SBD for
your changes to take effect.
.sp 2
If you use the command badmin sbddebug to temporarily change this
parameter without changing lsf.conf, you do not need to restart
the daemons.
.SH Valid values

.sp 2
Valid log classes are the same as for \fBLSB_DEBUG_CMD\fR except
for the log class \fBLC_ELIM\fR, which cannot be used with
\fBLSB_DEBUG_SBD\fR. See \fBLSB_DEBUG_CMD\fR.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSB_DEBUG_MBD\fR, \fBLSF_CMD_LOGDIR\fR,
\fBLSF_CMD_LOG_MASK\fR, \fBLSF_LOG_MASK\fR, \fBLSF_LOGDIR\fR,
badmin
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_DEBUG_SCH \fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_DEBUG_SCH=\fR\fIlog_class\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Sets the debugging log class for mbschd.
.sp 2
Specifies the log class filtering to be applied to mbschd. Only
messages belonging to the specified log class are recorded.
.sp 2
\fBLSB_DEBUG_SCH\fR sets the log class and is used in combination
with \fBLSF_LOG_MASK\fR, which sets the log level. For example:
.sp 2
LSF_LOG_MASK=LOG_DEBUG LSB_DEBUG_SCH="LC_SCHED"
.br

.sp 2
To specify multiple log classes, use a space-separated list
enclosed in quotation marks. For example:
.sp 2
LSB_DEBUG_SCH="LC_SCHED LC_TRACE LC_EXEC"
.br

.sp 2
You need to restart the daemons after setting \fBLSB_DEBUG_SCH\fR
for your changes to take effect.
.SH Valid values

.sp 2
Valid log classes are the same as for \fBLSB_DEBUG_CMD\fR except
for the log class \fBLC_ELIM\fR, which cannot be used with
\fBLSB_DEBUG_SCH\fR, and \fBLC_HPC\fR and \fBLC_SCHED\fR, which
are only valid for \fBLSB_DEBUG_SCH\fR. See \fBLSB_DEBUG_CMD\fR.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSB_DEBUG_MBD\fR, \fBLSB_DEBUG_SBD\fR, \fBLSF_CMD_LOGDIR\fR,
\fBLSF_CMD_LOG_MASK\fR, \fBLSF_LOG_MASK\fR, \fBLSF_LOGDIR\fR,
badmin
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_DISABLE_LIMLOCK_EXCL\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fBLSB_DISABLE_LIMLOCK_EXCL=y\fR | \fBn\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
If preemptive scheduling is enabled, this parameter enables
preemption of and preemption by exclusive jobs when
\fBPREEMPT_JOBTYPE\fR=EXCLUSIVE in lsb.params. Changing this
parameter requires a restart of all sbatchds in the cluster
(bctrld restart sbd). Do not change this parameter while
exclusive jobs are running.
.sp 2
When \fBLSB_DISABLE_LIMLOCK_EXCL=y\fR, for a host running an
exclusive job:
.sp 2
*  LIM is not locked on a host running an exclusive job
.sp 2
*  lsload displays the host status ok.
.sp 2
*  bhosts displays the host status closed.
.sp 2
*  Users can run tasks on the host using lsrun or lsgrun. To
   prevent users from running tasks during execution of an
   exclusive job, the parameter \fBLSF_DISABLE_LSRUN\fR=y must be
   defined in lsf.conf.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Set to \fRy\fR at time of installation. If otherwise undefined,
then \fRn\fR (LSF locks the LIM on a host running an exclusive
job and unlocks the LIM when the exclusive job finishes).
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_DISABLE_RERUN_POST_EXEC\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_DISABLE_RERUN_POST_EXEC=y\fR | \fRY\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
If set, and the job is rerunnable, the POST_EXEC configured at
the job level or the queue level is not executed if the job is
rerun.
.sp 2
Running of post-execution commands upon restart of a rerunnable
job may not always be desirable. For example, if the post-exec
removes certain files, or does other cleanup that should only
happen if the job finishes successfully, use
LSB_DISABLE_RERUN_POST_EXEC to prevent the post-exec from running
and allow the successful continuation of the job when it reruns.
.sp 2
The POST_EXEC may still run for a job rerun when the execution
host loses contact with the management host due to network
problems. In this case mbatchd assumes the job has failed and
restarts the job on another host. The original execution host,
out of contact with the management host, completes the job and
runs the POST_EXEC.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_DISPATCH_CHECK_RESUME_INTVL\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_DISPATCH_CHECK_RESUME_INTVL=y|Y|n|N\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
When this parameter is enabled, LSF takes the last resume time of
a host into account when considering dispatching \fRPEND\fR jobs
to this host. LSF will not dispatch \fRPEND\fR jobs to a host if
it has just resumed a job on this host within the
\fImbdSleepTime\fR interval.
.sp 2
After configuring this parameter, run badmin reconfig to have it
take effect.
.SH Default

.sp 2
N
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_DISPLAY_YEAR\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_DISPLAY_YEAR=y|Y|n|N\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Toggles on and off inclusion of the year in the time string
displayed by the commands bjobs -l, bacct -l, and bhist -l|-b|-t.
.SH Default

.sp 2
N
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_EAUTH_DATA_REUSE\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_EAUTH_DATA_REUSE=Y\fR | \fRN\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
When set to Y, blaunch caches authentication data when connecting
to the first remote execution server in memory. blaunch uses this
cached data to authenticate subsequent first remote execution
servers. If set to \fRN\fR, blaunch does not cache authentication
data. Every time blaunch connects to a different authentication,
it fetches new authentication data.
.sp 2
If you are enabling user eauth with krb5, you must set
\fRLSB_EAUTH_DATA_REUSE=N\fR for blaunch to work properly with
Kerberos.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Y
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_EAUTH_EACH_SUBPACK\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_EAUTH_EACH_SUBPACK=Y|N\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Enable this parameter to have bsub call \fReauth\fR for each
sub-pack. \fBLSB_MAX_PACK_JOBS\fR defines the number of jobs that
one sub-pack contains. If \fBLSB_EAUTH_EACH_SUBPACK\fR is not
enabled, bsub only calls \fReauth\fR for the first sub-pack and
caches this \fReauth\fR data. The cached data is reused for each
subsequent sub-pack instead of bsub calling \fReauth\fR again.
.SH Default

.sp 2
N
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_ECHKPNT_KEEP_OUTPUT\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_ECHKPNT_KEEP_OUTPUT=y\fR | \fRY\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Saves the standard output and standard error of custom echkpnt
and erestart methods to:
.sp 2
*  
   \fRcheckpoint_dir/$LSB_JOBID/echkpnt.out \fR
.sp 2
*  
   \fRcheckpoint_dir/$LSB_JOBID/echkpnt.err \fR
.sp 2
*  
   \fRcheckpoint_dir/$LSB_JOBID/erestart.out\fR
.sp 2
*  
   \fRcheckpoint_dir/$LSB_JOBID/erestart.err\fR
.sp 2
Can also be defined as an environment variable.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined. Standard error and standard output messages from
custom echkpnt and erestart programs is directed to /dev/null and
discarded by LSF.
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSB_ECHKPNT_METHOD\fR, \fBLSB_ECHKPNT_METHOD_DIR\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_ECHKPNT_METHOD\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_ECHKPNT_METHOD="\fR\fImethod_name\fR [\fImethod_name\fR]
 ...\fR"\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Name of custom echkpnt and erestart methods.
.sp 2
Can also be defined as an environment variable, or specified
through the bsub -k option.
.sp 2
The name you specify here is used for both your custom echkpnt
and erestart programs. You must assign your custom echkpnt and
erestart programs the name \fRechkpnt.\fImethod_name\fR\fR and
\fRerestart.\fR\fImethod_name\fR. The programs
\fRechkpnt.\fImethod_name\fR\fR and
\fRerestart.\fR\fImethod_name\fR. must be in LSF_SERVERDIR or in
the directory specified by LSB_ECHKPNT_METHOD_DIR.
.sp 2
Do not define LSB_ECHKPNT_METHOD=default as default is a reserved
keyword to indicate to use the default echkpnt and erestart
methods of LSF. You can however, specify bsub -k "my_dir
method=default" my_job to indicate that you want to use the
default checkpoint and restart methods.
.sp 2
When this parameter is defined, LSF uses the custom checkpoint
and restart methods specified.
.SH Limitations

.sp 2
The method name and directory (LSB_ECHKPNT_METHOD_DIR)
combination must be unique in the cluster.
.sp 2
For example, you may have two echkpnt applications with the same
name such as echkpnt.mymethod but what differentiates them is the
different directories defined with LSB_ECHKPNT_METHOD_DIR. It is
the cluster administrator’s responsibility to ensure that method
name and method directory combinations are unique in the cluster.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined.
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSB_ECHKPNT_METHOD_DIR\fR, \fBLSB_ECHKPNT_KEEP_OUTPUT\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_ECHKPNT_METHOD_DIR\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_ECHKPNT_METHOD_DIR=\fR\fIpath\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Absolute path name of the directory in which custom echkpnt and
erestart programs are located.
.sp 2
The checkpoint method directory should be accessible by all users
who need to run the custom echkpnt and erestart programs.
.sp 2
Can also be defined as an environment variable.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined. LSF searches in LSF_SERVERDIR for custom echkpnt and
erestart programs.
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSB_ESUB_METHOD\fR, \fBLSB_ECHKPNT_KEEP_OUTPUT\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_ENABLE_ESTIMATION\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_ENABLE_ESTIMATION=Y|N\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Enables job start time estimation. When set to Y, mbatchd uses a
simulation-based estimator to predict the start time of jobs.
.sp 2
To view the estimated start time of a job, run bjobs -l and refer
to the \fRESTIMATION\fR section, or run bjobs -o and specify
\fRestimated_sim_start_time\fR or the \fResstart_time\fR alias as
a display field (for example, run bjobs -o "esstart_time"). If
mbatchd did not estimate the start time for the specified job,
bjobs -l does not display the \fRESTIMATION\fR section.
.sp 2
To view the status of the LSF estimator, run badmin showstatus.
.SH Default

.sp 2
N.
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBESTIMATOR_SIM_START_INTERVAL\fR,
\fBESTIMATOR_MAX_TIME_PREDICTION\fR,
\fBESTIMATOR_MAX_JOBS_PREDICTION\fR,
\fBESTIMATOR_MAX_RUNTIME_PREDICTION\fR, and \fBESTIMATOR_CPUS\fR
parameters in lsb.params.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_ENABLE_HPC_ALLOCATION\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fBLSB_ENABLE_HPC_ALLOCATION=\fR\fBY|y|N|n\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
When set to \fRY|y\fR, this parameter changes concept of the
required number of slots for a job to the required number of
tasks for a job. The specified numbers of tasks are the number of
tasks to launch on execution hosts. The allocated slots change to
all slots on the allocated execution hosts for an exclusive job
in order to reflect the actual slot allocation. This parameter
improves job scheduling, job accounting, and resource
utilization.
.sp 2
When \fBLSB_ENABLE_HPC_ALLOCATION\fR is not set or is set to
\fRN|n\fR, the following behavior changes still take effect:
.sp 2
*  Pending reasons in bjobs output keep the task concept.
.sp 2
*  Changes for \fBPROCLIMIT\fR, \fBPER_SLOT\fR, and
   \fBIMPT_SLOTBKLG\fR
.sp 2
*  Event and API changes for task concept
.sp 2
*  Field \fR"alloc_slot nalloc_slot"\fR for bjobs –o
.sp 2
*  The -alloc option in bqueues, bhosts, busers, and bapp
   remains.
.sp 2
*  Command help messages change to the task concept.
.sp 2
*  Error messages in logs change to the task concept.
.sp 2
The following behavior changes do NOT take effect:
.sp 2
*  Command output for bjobs, bhist, and bacct
.sp 2
*  Exclusive job slot allocation change
.sp 2
\fBImportant: \fR
.sp 2
*  After you change the \fBLSB_ENABLE_HPC_ALLOCATION\fR setting,
   you must run badmin mbdrestart to restart mbatchd and make it
   take effect in mbatchd.
.sp 2
*  Changing \fBLSB_ENABLE_HPC_ALLOCATION\fR takes effect
   immediately for the affected commands (that is, bjobs, bhist,
   bacct, bapp, bhosts, bmod, bqueues, bsub, and busers).
   Therefore, it is not required to restart mbatchd to enable the
   change for b* commands.
.sp 2
*  For a non-shared LSF installation, b* commands take effect on
   server hosts according to the local lsf.conf setting. If
   \fBLSB_ENABLE_HPC_ALLOCATION\fR is not defined in the local
   lsf.conf, child b* commands call the management host LIM and
   take the configuration from the management host. To allow a
   server to take the latest configuration from the management
   host, the management host LIM must perform a reconfiguration
   after configuration changes on the management host.
.SH Default

.sp 2
\fRN\fR
.sp 2
For new installations of LSF, \fBLSB_ENABLE_HPC_ALLOCATION\fR is
set to \fRY\fR automatically.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_ENABLE_PERF_METRICS_LOG\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_ENABLE_PERF_METRICS_LOG=Y\fR | \fRN\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Enable this parameter to have LSF log \fRmbatchd\fR performance
metrics. In any sample period, data that is not likely to cause
performance issues will not be logged. The performance metric
data is logged periodically according to the time interval set in
\fBLSB_PERF_METRICS_SAMPLE_PERIOD\fR.
.SH Default

.sp 2
N.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_ESUB_METHOD\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fBLSB_ESUB_METHOD="\fRapplication_name [application_name]
 ...\fB"\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Specifies a mandatory esub or epsub that applies to all job
submissions. \fBLSB_ESUB_METHOD\fR lists the names of the
application-specific esub or epsub executables used in addition
to any executables specified by the bsub -a option.
.sp 2
For example, \fBLSB_ESUB_METHOD\fR="dce fluent" runs
LSF_SERVERDIR/esub.dce and LSF_SERVERDIR/esub.fluent for all jobs
submitted to the cluster, then runs LSF_SERVERDIR/epsub.dce and
LSF_SERVERDIR/epsub.fluent after the jobs are submitted. These
esubs and epsubs define, respectively, DCE as the mandatory
security system and FLUENT as the mandatory application for all
jobs. However, the purpose of an esub program might be different
than its corresponding epsub program because esub is run before
the job is submitted, while epsub is run after the job is
submitted.
.sp 2
\fBLSB_ESUB_METHOD\fR can also be defined as an environment
variable.
.sp 2
The value of \fBLSB_ESUB_METHOD\fR must correspond to an actual
esub or epsub file. For example, to use
\fBLSB_ESUB_METHOD\fR=fluent, at least one of the esub.fluent
file or the epsub.fluent file must exist in LSF_SERVERDIR.
.sp 2
The name of the esub or epsub program must be a valid file name.
Valid file names contain only alphanumeric characters, underscore
(\fR_\fR) and hyphen (\fR-\fR).
.sp 2
\fBRestriction: \fRThe name esub.user is reserved. Do not use the
name esub.user for an application-specific esub. This also
applies to the epsub.user file.
.sp 2
The parent esub (mesub) uses the name you specify to invoke the
appropriate esub or epsub program. The esub and
esub.\fIapplication_name\fR programs (or epsub and
epsub.\fIapplication_name\fR programs) must be located in
LSF_SERVERDIR.
.sp 2
LSF does not detect conflicts based on esub or epsub names. For
example, if \fBLSB_ESUB_METHOD\fR="openmpi" and \fRbsub -a pvm\fR
is specified at job submission, the job could fail because these
esubs define two different types of parallel job handling.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined. LSF does not apply a mandatory esub to jobs
submitted to the cluster.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_ESUB_SINGLE_QUOTE\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fBLSB_ESUB_SINGLE_QUOTE=Y\fR | \fBy\fR | \fBN\fR | \fBn\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
If set to \fRY\fR or \fRy\fR, the \fBLSB_SUB_PROJECT_NAME\fR
values written to \fB$LSB_SUB_PARM_FILE\fR for esub processes are
enclosed in single quotation marks (\fR\(aq\fR). This prevents the
shell from processing certain meta characters in parameter values
such as \fR$\fR.
.sp 2
If set to \fRN\fR or \fRn\fR, the \fBLSB_SUB_PROJECT_NAME\fR
values written to \fB$LSB_SUB_PARM_FILE\fR for esub processes are
enclosed in double quotation marks (\fR"\fR).
.SH Default

.sp 2
N.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_ESWITCH_METHOD\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fBLSB_ESWITCH_METHOD="\fRapplication_name [application_name]
 ...\fB"\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Specifies a mandatory eswitch that applies to all job switch
requests. \fBLSB_ESWITCH_METHOD\fR lists the names of the
application-specific eswitch executable files used in addition to
any executable files that are specified by the bswitch -a option.
.sp 2
For example, \fBLSB_ESWITCH_METHOD\fR="dce fluent" runs
LSF_SERVERDIR/eswitch.dce and LSF_SERVERDIR/eswitch.fluent for
all job switch requests. These eswitch files define,
respectively, DCE as the mandatory security system and FLUENT as
the mandatory application for all job switch requests.
.sp 2
\fBLSB_ESWITCH_METHOD\fR can also be defined as an environment
variable.
.sp 2
The value of \fBLSB_ESWITCH_METHOD\fR must correspond to an
actual eswitch file. For example, to use
\fBLSB_ESWITCH_METHOD\fR=fluent, the eswitch.fluent file must
exist in the LSF_SERVERDIR directory.
.sp 2
LSF first invokes the executable file named eswitch (without
\fI.application_name\fR in the file name) if it exists in the
\fBLSF_SERVERDIR\fR directory. LSF then invokes the mandatory
executable files specified in the \fBLSB_ESWITCH_METHOD\fR
parameter. Finally, LSF invokes any application-specific eswitch
executable files (with \fI.application_name\fR in the file name)
specified by the -a option.
.sp 2
The name of the eswitch program must be a valid file name. Valid
file names contain only alphanumeric characters, underscore
(\fR_\fR) and hyphen (\fR-\fR).
.sp 2
\fBRestriction: \fRThe name eswitch.user is reserved. Do not use
the name eswitch.user for an application-specific eswitch.
.sp 2
LSF does not detect conflicts based on eswitch names. For
example, if \fBLSB_ESWITCH_METHOD\fR="openmpi" and \fRbswitch -a
pvm\fR is specified at job submission, the switch request could
fail because these eswitch programs define two different types of
parallel job handling.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined. LSF does not apply a mandatory eswitch to job switch
requests.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_EVENTS_FILE_KEEP_OPEN\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fBLSB_EVENTS_FILE_KEEP_OPEN\fR=Y|N
.SH Description

.sp 2
Windows only.
.sp 2
Specify Y to open the events file once, and keep it open always.
.sp 2
Specify N to open and close the events file each time a record is
written.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Y
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_EXCLUDE_HOST_PERIOD\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_EXCLUDE_HOST_PERIOD\fR=\fImbd_sleep_time_units\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Specifies the amount of time for hosts in a job\(aqs host exclusion
list to remain excluded from that job (that is, the job does not
run on these excluded hosts). This parameter indicates the number
of mbatchd sleep time units (\fBMBD_SLEEP_TIME\fR) that a host
remains excluded from a job. After this period of time, the hosts
are no longer excluded and the job can run on the host again.
.sp 2
For example, if \fBMBD_SLEEP_TIME\fR is 10 seconds and
\fBLSB_EXCLUDE_HOST_PERIOD\fR is 2, hosts that were excluded from
a job remain excluded for 20 seconds.
.sp 2
If this parameter is not set, the hosts remain excluded
indefinitely until mbatchd restarts.
.sp 2
This parameter does not apply to the MultiCluster job lease
model.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_FANOUT_TIMEOUT_PER_LAYER\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fBLSB_FANOUT_TIMEOUT_PER_LAYER=\fR\fRtime_seconds\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Controls how long sbatchd waits until the next sbatchd replies.
Can also be set as an environment variable, which takes
precedence.
.sp 2
\fBNote: \fRThis feature is not currently supported on Windows.
.SH Default

.sp 2
20 seconds.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_GPD_CLUSTER\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_GPD_CLUSTER="\fIcluster_name\fR\fR [\fIcluster_name\fR
 ...]\fR"\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Defines the names of clusters whose management hosts start
gpolicyd for global fairshare policy among multiple clusters.
\fBLSB_GPD_CLUSTER\fR must be configured for every cluster
participating in global fairshare.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_GPD_PORT\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_GPD_PORT=port_number\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
TCP service port for communication with gpolicyd.
\fBLSB_GPD_PORT\fR must be configured for every cluster
participating in global fairshare.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_GPU_AUTOBOOST (Obsolete)\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_GPU_AUTOBOOST=y|Y|n|N \fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Obsolete. As of LSF 10.1 Fix Pack 4, LSF synchronizes the GPU
auto-boost to resolve any issues that previously required
disabling the auto-boost. Nvidia K80 provides the auto boost
feature by default. This is designed for applications that use a
single GPU. For multi-GPU jobs, this results in different GPUs
running at different speeds. By default, LSF enables auto boost.
LSF can switch off the auto boost for jobs with exclusive
thread/process multi-GPU requirements.
.sp 2
If LSB_GPU_AUTOBOOST is set to N, LSF disables auto boost for
jobs that require multiple exclusive mode GPUs whether these GPUs
are located on one host or multiple hosts. If a job requires
shared mode GPUs and exclusive mode GPUs at the same time, LSF
does not turn off auto boost for this type of job. When this job
is done or exited, LSF restores the original auto boost status.
.sp 2
You can override this parameter with the following job-level
environment variable:
.sp 2
\fRGPU_AUTOBOOST_FOR_JOB=y|Y|n|N\fR
.sp 2
\fBNote: \fR LSF ignores the auto boost configuration change
while sbatchd is running. Because Nvidia NVML library APIs have
memory leak problems, sbatchd cannot call the Nvidia NVML library
periodically to get the newest auto boost configuration. If an
LSF administrator needs to change the GPU auto boost
configuration on one host, clean all the jobs on the host, modify
the GPU auto boost configuration, then restart sbatchd.
.SH Default

.sp 2
\fRy\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_GPU_NEW_SYNTAX\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Enables the bsub -gpu option to submit jobs that require GPU
resources. Also enables the specification of GPU resources with
the \fBGPU_REQ\fR parameter in the lsb.queues and
lsb.applications file or the default GPU requirement configured
in the \fBLSB_GPU_REQ\fR parameter in the lsf.conf file.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_GPU_NEW_SYNTAX = Y | y | N | n | extend\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
When this parameter is enabled (that is, set as \fRY\fR or
\fRextend\fR), you can use the bsub -gpu command, \fBGPU_REQ\fR
parameter (in the lsb.queues and lsb.applications file), or
\fBLSB_GPU_REQ\fR parameter (in the lsf.conf file) to specify
your GPU requirements. Use these options and parameters to
specify GPU requirements instead of using the bsub -R command or
\fBRES_REQ\fR parameter in the lsb.queues file
.sp 2
In addition, if \fBLSF_GPU_RESOURCE_IGNORE\fR is set to \fRY\fR
and \fBLSB_GPU_NEW_SYNTAX\fR is set to \fRY\fR or \fRextend\fR
while \fBLSB_GPU_AUTOCONFIG=Y\fR is enabled, all built-in GPU
resources (\fRgpu_\fI<num>\fRn\fR) are completely removed from
the management host LIM. LSF uses a different method for the
management host LIM and server host LIMs to collect GPU
information. This improves LSF response time because there are
fewer LSF resource metrics to configure and collect. Do not set
\fBLSF_GPU_RESOURCE_IGNORE=Y\fR if you are using LSF RTM unless
you are running LSF RTM, Version 10.2 Fix Pack 11, or later.
.sp 2
When the \fBLSB_GPU_NEW_SYNTAX=Y\fR parameter is set, you can
specify the \fRj_exclusive\fR, \fRmode\fR, \fRmps\fR, and
\fRnum\fR GPU requirements with the bsub -gpu option. You can
also specify GPU resource requirements with the \fBGPU_REQ\fR
parameter in a queue (lsb.queues file), application profile
(lsb.applications file), or a default GPU requirement with the
\fBLSB_GPU_REQ\fR parameter (lsf.conf file). The resource
requirements of your job submission cannot use the legacy GPU
resources (\fRngpus_shared\fR, \fRngpus_excl_t\fR,
\fRngpus_excl_p\fR) as job resource requirements. In addition, if
the \fBPREEMPTABLE_RESOURCES\fR parameter in the lsb.params file
includes the \fRngpus_physical\fR resource, GPU preemption is
enabled with restrictions: GPU jobs can only be preempted if they
have \fRmode=exclusive_process\fR or \fRj_exclusive=yes\fR
specified in the GPU resource requirements and are configured for
automatic job migration and rerun (that is, the \fBMIG\fR
parameter is defined and the \fBRERUNNABLE\fR parameter is set to
\fRyes\fR in the lsb.queues or \fBlsb.applications\fR file), and
GPU jobs can only be preempted by other GPU jobs.
.sp 2
When the \fBLSB_GPU_NEW_SYNTAX=extend\fR parameter is set, you
can specify the \fRgmem\fR, \fRgmodel\fR, \fRgtile\fR,
\fRglink\fR, and \fRgvendor\fR GPU requirements with the bsub
-gpu option, in addition to the GPU requirements when
\fBLSB_GPU_NEW_SYNTAX=Y\fR is set (that is, \fRj_exclusive\fR,
\fRmode\fR, \fRmps\fR, and \fRnum\fR GPU requirements). You can
also specify GPU resource requirements with the \fBGPU_REQ\fR
parameter in a queue (lsb.queues file), application profile
(lsb.applications file), or a default GPU requirement with the
\fBLSB_GPU_REQ\fR parameter (lsf.conf file). The resource
requirements of your job submission cannot use the legacy GPU
resources (\fRngpus_shared\fR, \fRngpus_excl_t\fR,
\fRngpus_excl_p\fR) as job resource requirements. In addition, if
the \fBPREEMPTABLE_RESOURCES\fR parameter in the lsb.params file
includes the \fRngpus_physical\fR resource, GPU preemption is
enabled with only one restriction: Higher priority jobs cannot
preempt GPU jobs with \fRmode=shared\fR in the GPU resource
requirements if there are multiple jobs running on the GPU.
Ensure that you properly configure the \fBMIG\fR,
\fBRERUNNABLE\fR, or \fBREQUEUE\fR parameters to ensure that GPU
resources are properly released after the job is preempted.
.sp 2
When the \fBLSB_GPU_NEW_SYNTAX=N\fR parameter is set or the
parameter is not specified, you must use the GPU resources
\fRngpus_shared\fR, \fRngpus_excl_t\fR and \fRngpus_excl_p\fR as
GPU resource requirements.
.sp 2
Job-level GPU requirements override the application profile
level, which overrides queue level, which overrides cluster level
configuration.
.sp 2
There are some situations where you may want to use the bsub -R
command option to specify GPU requirements instead of the bsub
-gpu command option. These complex situations include the need to
use compound or alternative resource requirements to specify your
GPU requirements. For example, a GPU job might be available to
run on either K40 or K80 GPUs. You cannot use bsub -gpu syntax to
specify this type of selection and must instead use the bsub -R
syntax to specify this selection using alternative resource
requirements.
.sp 2
Since \fRj_exclusive\fR, \fRmode\fR, and \fRmps\fR GPU
requirements are not supported in the bsub -R syntax (including
the \fBRES_REQ\fR parameter), you must use the bsub -gpu syntax
(including the \fBGPU_REQ\fR or \fBLSB_GPU_REQ\fR parameters).
For these three GPU requirements, you can use the bsub -R syntax
and the bsub -gpu syntax in the same job submission.
.sp 2
If you use the bsub -R syntax with the bsub -gpu syntax for any
other GPU requirement at the job, application profile, or queue
level (including \fRgmem\fR, \fRgmodel\fR, \fRgtile\fR, or
\fRnvlink\fR), LSF rejects the job submission.
.sp 2
Setting the \fBLSB_GPU_NEW_SYNTAX\fR parameter to \fRY\fR or
\fRextend\fR also enables GPU resource preemption if you also
configure the \fBPREEMPTABLE_RESOURCES\fR parameter in the
lsb.params file to include the \fRngpus_physical\fR resource. GPU
jobs must be either using \fRexclusive_process\fR mode or have
\fRj_exclusive=yes\fR set to be preempted by other GPU jobs.
Non-GPU jobs cannot preempt GPU jobs.
.sp 2
\fBNote: \fRWhen LSF is running on RHEL systems, RHEL Version 7,
or later, is required to support the \fBLSB_GPU_NEW_SYNTAX\fR
parameter.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined. The job submission option bsub -gpu and the GPU
requirements in the \fBGPU_REQ\fR parameter are rejected.
.SH See also

.sp 2
*  \fBGPU_REQ\fR
.sp 2
*  \fBLSB_GPU_REQ\fR
.sp 2
*  bsub -gpu
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_GPU_POWEROFF_DURATION\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_GPU_POWEROFF_DURATION=\fIseconds\fR\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
A GPU consumes significant power even when it idles. LSF can
decrease the GPU power consumed if GPU is not in use within a
specified time. LSB_GPU_POWEROFF_DURATION enables this feature to
specify the minimum time before LSF can power off a GPU if the
GPU is idle.
.sp 2
LSF tries to allocate the GPU that is not running as "MIN power
limit" mode. If the number of GPUs that are in "MAX power limit"
mode are not enough, LSF allocates the GPUs that are in "MIN
power limit" mode and switches those GPUs to run in "MAX power
limit" mode.
.sp 2
LSF allocates the GPU flow as follows:
.sp 2
*  GPUs are in the same PCI.
.sp 2
*  Check if the MAX power limit mode GPUs meets job requirements.
   If they do, LSF does not allocate the MIN power limit mode
   GPUs first. If they do not meet the requirements, LSF
   allocates all the GPUs to the job, including both MAX power
   limit and MIN power limit mode GPUs.
.sp 2

.sp 2
If sbatchd is restarted, the GPU idle time is recalculated.
.sp 2
Specify a non-negative value as the minimum number of seconds
that a GPU is idle before LSF powers it off.
.sp 2
If set to 0, LSF powers off GPUs immediately after the job
finishes.
.sp 2
Nvidia K80 hardware supports auto boost and switch power limits.
The NVML library must be Version 6.340 or newer.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined. LSF never powers off a GPU even when it is idle.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_GPU_REQ\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Specify GPU requirements together in one statement.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fBLSB_GPU_REQ = "\fR[\fBnum=\fRnum_gpus[\fB/\fR\fBtask\fR |
\fBhost\fR]] [\fB:mode=shared\fR | \fBexclusive_process\fR]
[\fB:mps=\fR\fByes\fR[\fB,shared\fR][\fB,nocvd\fR] | \fBno\fR]
[\fB:j_exclusive=\fR\fByes\fR | \fBno\fR] [\fB:block=\fR\fByes\fR
| \fBno\fR] [\fB:gpack=\fR\fByes\fR | \fBno\fR]\fB"\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
The \fBLSB_GPU_REQ\fR parameter takes the following arguments:
.sp 2
\fBnum=\fInum_gpus\fB[/task | host]\fR
.br
         The number of physical GPUs required by the job. By
         default, the number is per host. You can also specify
         that the number is per task by specifying \fR/task\fR
         after the number.
.sp 2
         If you specified that the number is per task, the
         configuration of the \fRngpus_physical\fR resource in
         the lsb.resources file is set to \fRPER_TASK\fR, or the
         \fBRESOURCE_RESERVE_PER_TASK=Y\fR parameter is set in
         the lsb.params file, this number is the requested count
         per task.
.sp 2
\fBmode=shared | exclusive_process\fR
.br
         The GPU mode when the job is running, either shared or
         exclusive_process. The default mode is shared.
.sp 2
         The shared mode corresponds to the Nvidia or AMD DEFAULT
         compute mode. The exclusive_process mode corresponds to
         the Nvidia EXCLUSIVE_PROCESS compute mode.
.sp 2
         \fBNote: \fR Do not specify exclusive_process when you
         are using AMD GPUs (that is, when gvendor=amd is
         specified).
.sp 2
\fBmps=yes[,nocvd][,shared] | no\fR
.br
         Enables or disables the Nvidia Multi-Process Service
         (MPS) for the GPUs that are allocated to the job. Using
         MPS effectively causes the EXCLUSIVE_PROCESS mode to
         behave like the DEFAULT mode for all MPS clients. MPS
         always allows multiple clients to use the GPU through
         the MPS server.
.sp 2
         \fBNote: \fRTo avoid inconsistent behavior, do not
         enable mps when you are using AMD GPUs (that is, when
         gvendor=amd is specified). If the result of merging the
         GPU requirements at the cluster, queue, application, and
         job levels is gvendor=amd and mps is enabled (for
         example, if gvendor=amd is specified at the job level
         without specifying mps=no, but mps=yes is specified at
         the application, queue, or cluster level), LSF ignores
         the mps requirement.
.sp 2
         MPS is useful for both shared and exclusive process
         GPUs, and allows more efficient sharing of GPU resources
         and better GPU utilization. See the Nvidia documentation
         for more information and limitations.
.sp 2
         When using MPS, use the EXCLUSIVE_PROCESS mode to ensure
         that only a single MPS server is using the GPU, which
         provides additional insurance that the MPS server is the
         single point of arbitration between all CUDA process for
         that GPU.
.sp 2
         You can also enable MPS daemon sharing by adding the
         \fBshare\fR keyword with a comma and no space (for
         example, \fRmps=yes,shared\fR enables MPS daemon sharing
         on the host). If sharing is enabled, all jobs that are
         submitted by the same user with the same resource
         requirements share the same MPS daemon on the host,
         socket, or GPU.
.sp 2
         \fBImportant: \fRUsing EXCLUSIVE_THREAD mode with MPS is
         not supported and might cause unexpected behavior.
.sp 2
\fBj_exclusive=yes | no\fR
.br
         Specifies whether the allocated GPUs can be used by
         other jobs. When the mode is set to exclusive_process,
         the j_exclusive=yes option is set automatically.
.sp 2
\fBblock=yes | no\fR
.br
         Specifies whether to enable block distribution, that is,
         to distribute the allocated GPUs of a job as blocks when
         the number of tasks is greater than the requested number
         of GPUs. If set to \fRyes\fR, LSF distributes all the
         allocated GPUs of a job as blocks when the number of
         tasks is bigger than the requested number of GPUs. By
         default, \fRblock=no\fR is set so that allocated GPUs
         are not distributed as blocks.
.sp 2
         For example, if a GPU job requests to run on a host with
         4 GPUs and 40 tasks, block distribution assigns GPU0 for
         ranks 0-9, GPU1 for ranks 10-19, GPU2 for tanks 20-29,
         and GPU3 for ranks 30-39.
.sp 2
         \fBNote: \fRThe \fRblock=yes\fR setting conflicts with
         \fRaff=yes\fR (strict CPU-GPU affinity binding). This is
         because strict CPU-GPU binding allocates GPUs to tasks
         based on the CPU NUMA ID, which conflicts with the
         distribution of allocated GPUs as blocks. If
         \fRblock=yes\fR and \fRaff=yes\fR are both specified in
         the GPU requirements string, the \fRblock=yes\fR setting
         takes precedence and strict CPU-GPU affinity binding is
         disabled (that is, \fRaff=no\fR is automatically set).
.sp 2
\fBgpack=yes | no\fR
.br
         For shared mode jobs only. Specifies whether to enable
         pack scheduling. If set to \fRyes\fR, LSF packs multiple
         shared mode GPU jobs to allocated GPUs. LSF schedules
         shared mode GPUs as follows:
.sp 2
         1. LSF sorts the candidate hosts (from largest to
            smallest) based on the number of shared GPUs that
            already have running jobs, then by the number of GPUs
            that are not exclusive.
.sp 2
            If the order[] keyword is defined in the resource
            requirements string, after sorting order[], LSF
            re-sorts the candidate hosts by the gpack policy (by
            shared GPUs that already have running jobs first,
            then by the number of GPUs that are not exclusive).
            The gpack policy sort priority is higher than the
            order[] sort.
.sp 2
         2. LSF sorts the candidate GPUs on each host (from
            largest to smallest) based on the number of running
            jobs.
.sp 2
         After scheduling, the shared mode GPU job packs to the
         allocated shared GPU that is sorted first, not to a new
         shared GPU.
.sp 2
         If Docker attribute affinity is enabled, the order of
         candidate hosts are sorted by Docker attribute affinity
         before sorting by GPUs.
.sp 2
         By default, \fRgpack=no\fR is set so that pack
         scheduling is disabled.
.sp 2
If the \fBGPU_REQ_MERGE\fR parameter is defined as \fRY\fR or
\fRy\fR in the lsb.params file and a GPU requirement is specified
at multiple levels (at least two of the default cluster, queue,
application profile, or job level requirements), each option of
the GPU requirement is merged separately. Job level overrides
application level, which overrides queue level, which overrides
the default cluster GPU requirement. For example, if the mode
option of the GPU requirement is defined on the -gpu option, and
the mps option is defined in the queue, the mode of job level and
the mps value of queue is used.
.sp 2
If the \fBGPU_REQ_MERGE\fR parameter is not defined as \fRY\fR or
\fRy\fR in the lsb.params file and a GPU requirement is specified
at multiple levels (at least two of the default cluster, queue,
application profile, or job level requirements), the entire GPU
requirement string is replaced. The entire job level GPU
requirement string overrides application level, which overrides
queue level, which overrides the default GPU requirement.
.sp 2
The esub parameter \fBLSB_SUB4_GPU_REQ\fR modifies the value of
the -gpu option.
.sp 2
LSF selects the GPU that meets the topology requirement first. If
the GPU mode of the selected GPU is not the requested mode, LSF
changes the GPU to the requested mode. For example, if LSF
allocates an \fRexclusive_process\fR GPU to a job that needs a
shared GPU, LSF changes the GPU mode to shared before the job
starts and then changes the mode back to \fRexclusive_process\fR
when the job finishes.
.sp 2
The GPU requirements are converted to rusage resource
requirements for the job. For example, \fRnum=2\fR is converted
to \fRrusage[ngpus_physical=2]\fR. Use the bjobs, bhist, and
bacct commands to see the merged resource requirement.
.sp 2
There might be complex GPU requirements that the bsub -gpu option
and \fBGPU_REQ\fR parameter syntax cannot cover, including
compound GPU requirements (for different GPU requirements for
jobs on different hosts, or for different parts of a parallel
job) and alternate GPU requirements (if more than one set of GPU
requirements might be acceptable for a job to run). For complex
GPU requirements, use the bsub -R command option, or the
\fBRES_REQ\fR parameter in the lsb.applications or lsb.queues
file to define the resource requirement string.
.sp 2
\fBImportant: \fRYou can define the mode, j_exclusive, and mps
options only with the -gpu option, the \fBLSB_GPU_REQ\fR
parameter in the lsf.conf file, or the \fBGPU_REQ\fR parameter in
the lsb.queues or lsb.applications files. You cannot use these
options with the rusage resource requirement string in the bsub
-R command option or the \fBRES_REQ\fR parameter in the
lsb.queues or lsb.applications files.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined
.SH See also

.sp 2
*  \fBGPU_REQ\fR
.sp 2
*  bsub -gpu
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_GSLA_DISPLAY_ALLOC_HOSTS\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fBLSB_GSLA_DISPLAY_ALLOC_HOSTS=Y\fR | \fBy\fR | \fBN\fR |
\fBn\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
If set to \fRY\fR or \fRy\fR, the bsla command displays
information on guarantee hosts that are being used (allocated)
from each guarantee pool for the guarantee SLA.
.SH Default

.sp 2
N. The bsla command does not display the guarantee hosts that are
being used for the guarantee SLA.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_GSLA_PREFER_ADRSV_HOST\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fBLSB_GSLA_PREFER_ADRSV_HOST=Y\fR | \fBy\fR | \fBN\fR | \fBn\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
If set to \fRY\fR or \fRy\fR, the guarantee SLA will first try to
reserve hosts without advanced reservation. This ensures that
advance reservation does not interfere with guarantee SLA job
scheduling.
.SH Default

.sp 2
N.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_HJOB_PER_SESSION\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_HJOB_PER_SESSION\fR=\fImax_num\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Specifies the maximum number of jobs that can be dispatched in
each scheduling cycle to each host
.SH Valid values

.sp 2
Any positive integer
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined
.SH Notes

.sp 2
\fBLSB_HJOB_PER_SESSION\fR is activated only if the
\fBJOB_ACCEPT_INTERVAL\fR parameter is set to 0.
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBJOB_ACCEPT_INTERVAL\fR parameter in \fRlsb.params\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_HMS_TIME_FORMAT\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_HMS_TIME_FORMAT=y|Y|n|N\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
When this parameter is set to \fRY\fR or \fRy\fR, bjobs displays
any times (but not time stamps) in the customized output in
\fIhh:mm:ss\fR format.
.sp 2
The \fRcpu_used\fR field normally uses one decimal place in the
bjobs output, but if you specify \fBLSB_HMS_TIME_FORMAT=Y\fR,
bjobs rounds up this field to the next second. For example, if
the \fRcpu_used\fR field is 0.2 seconds, specifying
\fBLSB_HMS_TIME_FORMAT=Y\fR rounds this number up to
\fR00:00:01\fR.
.sp 2
For the \fRruntimelimit\fR field, if the \fBABS_RUNLIMIT\fR
parameter is defined as \fRY\fR in the lsb.params file and you
specify \fBLSB_HMS_TIME_FORMAT=Y\fR, bjobs does not display the
host name. That is, if \fRABS_RUNLIMIT=Y\fR is defined in the
lsb.params file, bjobs normally displays the host name after the
runtime limit (for example, \fR3.0/hostA\fR). If you specify
\fBLSB_HMS_TIME_FORMAT=Y\fR, bjobs displays the runtime limit
without the host name (for example, \fR00:03:00\fR). This also
applies if the \fBABS_RUNLIMIT\fR parameter is defined as \fRY\fR
in the lsb.applications file and you specify
\fBLSB_HMS_TIME_FORMAT=Y\fR to a job that is submitted to an
application profile with \fRABS_RUNLIMIT=Y\fR.
.sp 2
Specifying the bjobs -hms option overrides the
\fBLSB_HMS_TIME_FORMAT\fR environment variable, which overrides
the \fBLSB_HMS_TIME_FORMAT\fR parameter setting in the lsf.conf
file.
.sp 2
This option applies only to output for the bjobs -o and bjobs -o
-json commands for customized output. This option has no effect
when run with bjobs without the -o option.
.SH Default

.sp 2
N.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_HUGETLB\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_HUGETLB\fR=Y|N
.SH Description

.sp 2
The information regarding which virtual memory page maps to which
physical memory page is kept in a data structure named Page
Table. Most architectures use a fast lookup cache named
Translation Lookaside Buffer (TLB). Consequently, TLB misses
bring additional performance costs, so it is important to reduce
TLB misses.
.sp 2
In advanced architectures like x86 or IA64, huge page size is
supported (e.g., 2 Mb and 4 Mb sizes). The number of memory pages
can be reduced through implementing the huge page size, which
leads to decreased TLB misses and improved performance for
processes like forked child, etc.
.sp 2
To configure huge page memory:
.sp 2
1. 
   Check the support and configuration of huge page size:
.sp 2
   cat /proc/meminfo | grep Huge
.sp 2
   The output of cat /proc/meminfo will include lines such as:
.sp 2
   \fRHugePages_Total: vvv\fR
.sp 2
   \fRHugePages_Free: www\fR
.sp 2
   \fRHugePages_Rsvd: xxx\fR
.sp 2
   \fRHugePages_Surp: yyy\fR
.sp 2
   \fRHugepagesize: zzz kB\fR
.sp 2
   Where:
.sp 2
   *  \fBHugePages_Total\fR is the size of the pool of huge
      pages.
.sp 2
   *  \fBHugePages_Free\fR is the number of huge pages in the
      pool that are not yet allocated.
.sp 2
   *  \fBHugePages_Rsvd\fR is short for "reserved" and is the
      number of huge pages for which a commitment to allocate
      from the pool has been made, though no allocation has yet
      been made. Reserved huge pages guarantee that an
      application can allocate a huge page from the pool of huge
      pages at fault time.
.sp 2
   *  \fBHugePages_Surp\fR is short for "surplus" and is the
      number of huge pages in the pool above the value in
      /proc/sys/vm/nr_hugepages. The maximum number of surplus
      huge pages is controlled by
      /proc/sys/vm/nr_overcommit_hugepages.
.sp 2
2. 
   Configure the number of huge size pages:
.sp 2
   *  
      To set the number of huge pages using /proc entry:
.sp 2
      \fR# echo 5 > /proc/sys/vm/nr_hugepages\fR
.sp 2
   *  
      To set the number of huge pages using \fIsysctl\fR:
.sp 2
      \fR# sysctl -w vm.nr_hugepages=5\fR
.sp 2
   *  
      To make the change permanent, add the following line to the
      file /etc/sysctl.conf:
.sp 2
      \fR# echo "vm.nr_hugepages=5" >> /etc/sysctl.conf\fR
.sp 2
      This file is used during the boot process.
.sp 2
You must reboot to allocate the number of hugepages needed. This
is because hugepages requires large areas of contiguous physical
memory. Over time, physical memory may be mapped and allocated to
pages. Therefore, the physical memory can become fragmented.
.SH Default

.sp 2
N
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_IGNORE_ELIM_RES\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_IGNORE_ELIM_RES=Y | y | N | n\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Specifies whether LSF ignores dynamic shared resources reported
by the elim commands when checking the reservation status of a
preempting job.
.sp 2
Used when validating reservations for preempting jobs. During the
preemption phase, dynamic shared resources that are slow to
update can incorrectly invalidate reservations.
.sp 2
Setting \fRLSB_IGNORE_ELIM_RES=Y\fR enables LSF to ignore the
dynamic shared resources reported by the elim commands when
checking the reservation status of a preempting job. If higher
priority preempting jobs have taken the reserved resources, the
job will not preempt again until the elim has updated the
resources.
.SH Default

.sp 2
N
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_INDEX_BY_JOB\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_INDEX_BY_JOB="JOBNAME"\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
When set to JOBNAME, creates a job index of job names. Define
when using job dependency conditions (bsub -w) with job names to
optimize job name searches.
.SH Valid values

.sp 2
JOBNAME
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined (job index is not created).
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_INTERACT_MSG_ENH\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_INTERACT_MSG_ENH=y\fR | \fRY\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
If set, enables enhanced messaging for interactive batch jobs. To
disable interactive batch job messages, set LSB_INTERACT_MSG_ENH
to any value other than y or Y; for example,
LSB_INTERACT_MSG_ENH=N.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSB_INTERACT_MSG_INTVAL\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_INTERACT_MSG_INTVAL\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_INTERACT_MSG_INTVAL=\fR\fItime_seconds\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Specifies the update interval in seconds for interactive batch
job messages. LSB_INTERACT_MSG_INTVAL is ignored if
LSB_INTERACT_MSG_ENH is not set.
.sp 2
Job information that LSF uses to get the pending or suspension
reason is updated according to the value of
PEND_REASON_UPDATE_INTERVAL in \fRlsb.params\fR.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined. If LSB_INTERACT_MSG_INTVAL is set to an incorrect
value, the default update interval is 60 seconds.
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSB_INTERACT_MSG_ENH\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_JOB_CPULIMIT\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Determines whether the CPU limit is a per-process limit enforced
by the OS or whether it is a per-job limit enforced by LSF.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_JOB_CPULIMIT=y\fR | \fRn\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
*  The per-process limit is enforced by the OS when the CPU time
   of one process of the job exceeds the CPU limit.
.sp 2
*  The per-job limit is enforced by LSF when the total CPU time
   of all processes of the job exceed the CPU limit.
.sp 2
This parameter applies to CPU limits set when a job is submitted
with bsub -c, and to CPU limits set for queues by the
\fBCPULIMIT\fR parameter in the lsb.queues file.
.sp 2
\fBLSF-enforced per-job limit\fR
.br
         When the sum of the CPU time of all processes of a job
         exceed the CPU limit, LSF sends a SIGXCPU signal (if
         this signal is supported by the operating system) from
         the operating system to all processes belonging to the
         job, then SIGINT, SIGTERM and SIGKILL. The interval
         between signals is 10 seconds by default. The time
         interval between SIGXCPU, SIGINT, SIGKILL, SIGTERM can
         be configured with the parameter
         \fBJOB_TERMINATE_INTERVAL\fR in the lsb.params file.
.sp 2
         \fBRestriction: \fR
.sp 2
         SIGXCPU is not supported by Windows.
.sp 2
\fBOS-enforced per process limit\fR
.br
         When one process in the job exceeds the CPU limit, the
         limit is enforced by the operating system. For more
         details, refer to your operating system documentation
         for setrlimit().
.sp 2
The setting of the \fBLSB_JOB_CPULIMIT\fR parameter has the
following effect on how the limit is enforced:
.sp 2
+--------------------+--------------------+--------------------+
| LSB_JOB_CPULIMIT   | LSF per-job limit  | OS per-process     |
|                    |                    | limit              |
+--------------------+--------------------+--------------------+
| y                  | Enabled            | Disabled           |
+--------------------+--------------------+--------------------+
| n                  | Disabled           | Enabled            |
+--------------------+--------------------+--------------------+
| Not defined        | Enabled            | Enabled            |
+--------------------+--------------------+--------------------+
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined
.SH Notes

.sp 2
To make changes to the \fBLSB_JOB_CPULIMIT\fR parameter take
effect, use the command bctrld restart sbd all to restart all
sbatchds in the cluster.
.SH Changing the default Terminate job control action

.sp 2
You can define a different terminate action in the lsb.queues
file with the parameter \fBJOB_CONTROLS\fR if you do not want the
job to be killed. For more details on job controls, see
Administering IBM Spectrum LSF.
.SH Limitations

.sp 2
If a job is running and the parameter is changed, LSF is not able
to reset the type of limit enforcement for running jobs.
.sp 2
*  If the parameter is changed from per-process limit enforced by
   the OS to per-job limit enforced by LSF
   (\fBLSB_JOB_CPULIMIT=n\fR changed to
   \fBLSB_JOB_CPULIMIT=y\fR), both per-process limit and per-job
   limit affect the running job. This means that signals may be
   sent to the job either when an individual process exceeds the
   CPU limit or the sum of the CPU time of all processes of the
   job exceed the limit. A job that is running may be killed by
   the OS or by LSF.
.sp 2
*  If the parameter is changed from per-job limit enforced by LSF
   to per-process limit enforced by the OS
   (\fBLSB_JOB_CPULIMIT=y\fR changed to
   \fBLSB_JOB_CPULIMIT=n\fR), the job is allowed to run without
   limits because the per-process limit was previously disabled.
.SH See also

.sp 2
lsb.queues, bsub, \fBJOB_TERMINATE_INTERVAL\fR in lsb.params,
\fBLSB_MOD_ALL_JOBS\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_JOB_MEMLIMIT\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Determines whether the memory limit is a per-process limit
enforced by the OS or whether it is a per-job limit enforced by
LSF.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_JOB_MEMLIMIT=y\fR | \fRn\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
*  The per-process limit is enforced by the OS when the memory
   allocated to one process of the job exceeds the memory limit.
.sp 2
*  The per-job limit is enforced by LSF when the sum of the
   memory allocated to all processes of the job exceeds the
   memory limit.
.sp 2
This parameter applies to memory limits set when a job is
submitted with bsub -M \fImem_limit\fR, and to memory limits set
for queues with the \fBMEMLIMIT\fR parameter in the lsb.queues
file.
.sp 2
The setting of the \fBLSB_JOB_MEMLIMIT\fR parameter has the
following effect on how the limit is enforced:
.sp 2
+-------------------- -------------------- -------------------- 
| LSB_JOB_MEMLIMIT     LSF-enforced         OS-enforced        |
|                      per-job limit        per-process limit  |
+                                                               
| y                    Enabled              Disabled           |
+                                                               
| n or not defined     Disabled             Enabled            |
+--------------------+--------------------+--------------------+
.sp 2
When the \fBLSB_JOB_MEMLIMIT\fR parameter is \fRY\fR, the
LSF-enforced per-job limit is enabled, and the OS-enforced
per-process limit is disabled.
.sp 2
When \fBLSB_JOB_MEMLIMIT\fR is \fRN\fR or not defined, the
LSF-enforced per-job limit is disabled, and the OS-enforced
per-process limit is enabled.
.sp 2
\fBLSF-enforced per-job limit\fR
.br
         When the total memory allocated to all processes in the
         job exceeds the memory limit, LSF sends the following
         signals to kill the job: SIGINT, SIGTERM, then SIGKILL.
         The interval between signals is 10 seconds by default.
.sp 2
         On UNIX, the time interval between SIGINT, SIGKILL,
         SIGTERM can be configured with the parameter
         JOB_TERMINATE_INTERVAL in lsb.params.
.sp 2
\fBOS-enforced per process limit\fR
.br
         When the memory allocated to one process of the job
         exceeds the memory limit, the operating system enforces
         the limit. LSF passes the memory limit to the operating
         system. Some operating systems apply the memory limit to
         each process, and some do not enforce the memory limit
         at all.
.sp 2
         OS memory limit enforcement is only available on systems
         that support RLIMIT_RSS for setrlimit().
.sp 2
The following operating systems do not support the memory limit
at the OS level and the job is allowed to run without a memory
limit:
.sp 2
*  Windows
.sp 2
*  Sun Solaris 2.x
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined. Per-process memory limit enforced by the OS; per-job
memory limit enforced by LSF disabled
.SH Notes

.sp 2
To make changes to the \fBLSB_JOB_MEMLIMIT\fR parameter take
effect, use the command bctrld restart sbd all to restart all
sbatchds in the cluster.
.sp 2
If \fBLSB_JOB_MEMLIMIT\fR is set, it overrides the setting of the
parameter \fBLSB_MEMLIMIT_ENFORCE\fR. The parameter
\fBLSB_MEMLIMIT_ENFORCE\fR is ignored.
.sp 2
The difference between \fBLSB_JOB_MEMLIMIT\fR set to \fRy\fR and
\fBLSB_MEMLIMIT_ENFORCE\fR set to \fRy\fR is that with
\fBLSB_JOB_MEMLIMIT\fR, only the per-job memory limit enforced by
LSF is enabled. The per-process memory limit enforced by the OS
is disabled. With \fBLSB_MEMLIMIT_ENFORCE\fR set to \fRy\fR, both
the per-job memory limit enforced by LSF and the per-process
memory limit enforced by the OS are enabled.
.SH Changing the default Terminate job control action

.sp 2
You can define a different \fRTerminate\fR action in the
lsb.queues file with the parameter \fBJOB_CONTROLS\fR if you do
not want the job to be killed. For more details on job controls,
see Administering IBM Spectrum LSF.
.SH Limitations

.sp 2
If a job is running and the parameter is changed, LSF is not able
to reset the type of limit enforcement for running jobs.
.sp 2
*  
   If the parameter is changed from per-process limit enforced by
   the OS to per-job limit enforced by LSF
   (\fBLSB_JOB_MEMLIMIT=n\fR or not defined changed to
   \fBLSB_JOB_MEMLIMIT=y\fR), both per-process limit and per-job
   limit affect the running job. This means that signals may be
   sent to the job either when the memory allocated to an
   individual process exceeds the memory limit or the sum of
   memory allocated to all processes of the job exceed the limit.
   A job that is running may be killed by LSF.
.sp 2
*  
   If the parameter is changed from per-job limit enforced by LSF
   to per-process limit enforced by the OS
   (\fBLSB_JOB_MEMLIMIT=y\fR changed to \fBLSB_JOB_MEMLIMIT=n\fR
   or not defined), the job is allowed to run without limits
   because the per-process limit was previously disabled.
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSB_MEMLIMIT_ENFORCE\fR, \fBLSB_MOD_ALL_JOBS\fR, lsb.queues,
bsub, \fBJOB_TERMINATE_INTERVAL\fR in lsb.params
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_JOB_OUTPUT_LOGGING\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_JOB_OUTPUT_LOGGING=Y\fR | \fRN\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Determines whether jobs write job notification messages to the
logfile.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined (jobs do not write job notification messages to the
logfile).
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_JOB_REPORT_MAIL\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_JOB_REPORT_MAIL=Y\fR | \fRN\fR | \fRERROR\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
If you do not want sbatchd to send mail when the job is done, set
this parameter to \fRN\fR before submitting the job. This
parameter only affects email sent by sbatchd.
.sp 2
If you want sbatchd to send mail only when the job exits (that
is, when the job is under \fRExit\fR status), set this parameter
to \fRERROR\fR before submitting the job. This parameter only
affects email sent by sbatchd. This ensures that an email
notification is only sent on a job error.
.sp 2
When the administrator sets \fBLSB_JOB_REPORT_MAIL\fR in
lsf.conf, email notification for all jobs is disabled. All
sbatchds must be restarted on all hosts. However, end users can
set the value for \fBLSB_JOB_REPORT_MAIL\fR in the job submission
environment to disable email notification for only that
particular job and not email for all jobs. In this case, there is
no need to restart sbatchd.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_JOB_SCRIPT_TRAP_SIGNALS\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_JOB_SCRIPT_TRAP_SIGNALS=\fR\fIsignal_name\fR ...
.SH Description

.sp 2
Specifies a list of the names of signals that are trapped by the
job scripts.
.sp 2
This parameter prevents the specified signals from killing the
job script process.
.sp 2
By default, the job scripts trap the SIGTERM, SIGUSR1, SIGUSR2,
SIGINT, and SIGHUP signals, so you do not have to define these
signals in this parameter.
.sp 2
Because the job scripts cannot trap the SIGSTOP and SIGKILL
signals, these values are not valid.
.SH Valid values

.sp 2
A space-separated list of signal names. The first 31 signals are
valid (from SIGHUP to SIGSYS), except for SIGSTOP and SIGKILL.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Undefined. The job script does not trap any additional signals
except SIGTERM, SIGUSR1, SIGUSR2, SIGINT, and SIGHUP.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_JOB_TMPDIR\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_JOB_TMPDIR=\fR\fIdirectory\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Specifies the path and directory for temporary job output.
.sp 2
When LSB_JOB_TMPDIR is defined in lsf.conf, LSF uses the
directory specified by LSB_JOB_TMPDIR on the execution host when
a job is started and creates a job-specific temporary directory
as a subdirectory of the LSB_JOB_TMPDIR directory.
.sp 2
The name of the job-specific temporary directory has the
following format:
.sp 2
*  For regular jobs:
.sp 2
   *  Unix: \fR$LSB_JOB_TMPDIR/\fIjobID\fR.tmpdir\fR
.sp 2
   *  Windows: \fR%LSB_JOB_TMPDIR%\\fIjobID\fR.tmpdir\fR
.sp 2
*  For array jobs:
.sp 2
   *  Unix:
      \fR$LSB_JOB_TMPDIR/\fIarrayID\fR_\fIarrayIndex\fR.tmpdir\fR
.sp 2
   *  Windows:
      \fR%LSB_JOB_TMPDIR%\\fIarrayID\fR_\fIarrayIndex\fR.tmpdir\fR
.sp 2
On UNIX, the directory has the permission 0700 and is owned by
the execution user.
.sp 2
After adding LSB_JOB_TMPDIR to lsf.conf, use bctrld restart sbd
all to reconfigure your cluster.
.sp 2
If LSB_SET_TMPDIR= Y, the environment variable TMPDIR will be set
to the job-specific temporary directory.
.SH Valid values

.sp 2
Specify any valid path up to a maximum length of 256 characters.
The 256 character maximum path length includes the temporary
directories and files that the system creates as jobs run. The
path that you specify for LSB_JOB_TMPDIR should be as short as
possible to avoid exceeding this limit.
.sp 2
The path can include the %H dynamic pattern, which is
automatically replaced with the first execution host of the job.
.SH UNIX

.sp 2
Specify an absolute path. For example:
.sp 2
LSB_JOB_TMPDIR=/usr/share/lsf_tmp
.br

.SH Windows

.sp 2
Specify a UNC path or a path with a drive letter. For example:
.sp 2
LSB_JOB_TMPDIR=\\HostA\temp\lsf_tmp
.br

.sp 2
LSB_JOB_TMPDIR=D:\temp\lsf_tmp
.br

.SH Temporary directory for tasks launched by blaunch

.sp 2
By default, LSF creates the job-specific temporary directory only
on the first execution host.
.sp 2
To create a job-specific temporary directory on each execution
host, set \fBLSB_SET_TMPDIR=Y\fR so that the path of the
job-specific temporary directory is available through the TMPDIR
environment variable, or set \fBLSB_SET_TMPDIR\fR to a
user-defined environment variable so that the path of the
job-specific temporary directory is available through the
user-defined environment variable.
.sp 2
Tasks launched through the blaunch distributed application
framework make use of the job-specific temporary directory:
.sp 2
*  When the job-specific temporary directory environment variable
   is set on the first execution host, the blaunch framework
   propagates this environment variable to all execution hosts
   when launching remote tasks
.sp 2
*  The job RES or the task RES creates the job-specific temporary
   directory if it does not already exist before starting the job
.sp 2
*  The directory created by the job RES or task RES has
   permission 0700 and is owned by the execution user
.sp 2
*  If the job-specific temporary directory was created by the
   task RES, LSF deletes the directory and its contents when the
   task is complete
.sp 2
*  If the job-specific temporary directory was created by the job
   RES, LSF deletes the directory and its contents when the job
   is done
.sp 2
*  If the job-specific temporary directory is on a shared file
   system, it is assumed to be shared by all the hosts allocated
   to the blaunch job, so LSF \fIdoes not\fR remove the
   directories created by the job RES or task RES
.SH Default

.sp 2
By default, LSB_JOB_TMPDIR is not enabled. If LSB_JOB_TMPDIR is
not specified in lsf.conf, this parameter is defined as follows:
.sp 2
*  On UNIX: $TMPDIR or /tmp
.sp 2
*  On Windows: %TMP%, %TEMP, or %SystemRoot%
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_JOBID_DISP_LENGTH\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_JOBID_DISP_LENGTH=\fR\fIinteger\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
By default, LSF commands bjobs and bhist display job IDs with a
maximum length of 7 characters. Job IDs greater than 9999999 are
truncated on the left.
.sp 2
When LSB_JOBID_DISP_LENGTH=10, the width of the JOBID column in
bjobs and bhist increases to 10 characters.
.sp 2
If \fBLSB_BJOBS_FORMAT\fR is defined (in lsf.conf or as a runtime
environment variable) or bjobs -o is run to include the JOBID
column, and either of these specify a column width for the JOBID
column, those specifications override the
\fBLSB_JOBID_DISP_LENGTH\fR value. If there is no column width
specified for the JOBID column, the \fBLSB_JOBID_DISP_LENGTH\fR
value applies.
.SH Valid values

.sp 2
Specify an integer between 7 and 10.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined. LSF uses the default 7-character length for job ID
display.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_JOBINFO_DIR\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_JOBINFO_DIR=directory\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Use this parameter to specify a directory for job information
instead of using the default directory. If this parameter is
specified, LSF directly accesses this directory to get the job
information files.
.sp 2
By default, the job information directory is located in the LSF
shared directory, which is in the same file system as the one
used for logging events. In large scale clusters with millions of
single jobs, there are several job files in the job information
directory. The job information directory requires random
read/write operations on multiple job files simultaneously, while
the event log directory has events appended to a single events
file.
.sp 2
The LSB_JOBINFO_DIR directory must be the following:
.sp 2
*  Owned by the primary LSF administrator
.sp 2
*  Accessible from all hosts that can potentially become the
   management host
.sp 2
*  Accessible from the management host with read and write
   permission
.sp 2
*  Set for 700 permission
.sp 2
If the directory cannot be created, mbatchd will exit.
.sp 2
\fBNote: \fRUsing the \fBLSB_JOBINFO_DIR\fR parameter requires
draining the whole cluster.
.sp 2
\fBNote: \fR\fBLSB_JOBINFO_DIR\fR should be used for XL clusters.
If it is configured for a non-XL cluster, all of the old job info
directories must be copied to the new specified location.
.sp 2
\fBNote: \fRIf \fBLSB_LOCALDIR\fR is configured, then
\fBLSB_JOBINFO_DIR\fR will be ignored
.SH Default

.sp 2
If this parameter is not set, it uses the following path from
lsb.params:
.sp 2
$LSB_SHAREDIR/\fIcluster_name\fR/logdir/info
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_JSM_DEFAULT\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Specifies the default value for the bsub -jsm option for CSM
jobs.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fBLSB_JSM_DEFAULT=y\fR | \fBn\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Run the bsub -jsm option at job submission time to override this
default value.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_KEEP_SYSDEF_RLIMIT\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_KEEP_SYSDEF_RLIMIT=y\fR | \fRn\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
If resource limits are configured for a user in the SGI IRIX User
Limits Database (ULDB) domain specified in LSF_ULDB_DOMAIN, and
there is no domain default, the system default is honored.
.sp 2
If LSB_KEEP_SYSDEF_RLIMIT=n, and no resource limits are
configured in the domain for the user and there is no domain
default, LSF overrides the system default and sets system limits
to unlimited.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined. No resource limits are configured in the domain for
the user and there is no domain default.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_KRB_AIX_LOAD_IBM_NAS\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_KRB_AIX_LOAD_IBM_NAS=Y\fR | \fRN\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Use this parameter to enable the user Ticket Granting Ticket
(TGT) forwarding feature without requiring open source client
libraries, which is achieved by providing versions of the
relevant LSF binary files (bsub, krbrenewd, and sbatchd) that
dynamically link to the shared library provided in IBM\(aqs "Network
Authentication Service 1.6.0.2 for AIX" package.
.sp 2
When set to Y on AIX platforms, LSF loads the files from
LSB_KRB_LIB_PATH, otherwise LSF loads the required open source
client libraries.
.SH Default

.sp 2
N. LSF loads the required open source libraries.
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSB_KRB_TGT_FWD\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_KRB_CHECK_INTERVAL\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_KRB_CHECK_INTERVAL=\fR\fIminutes\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Set a time interval for how long \fRkrbrenewd\fR and root
\fRsbatchd\fR should wait before the next check. If this
parameter is changed, restart \fRmbatchd\fR/\fRsbatchd\fR
.SH Default

.sp 2
15 minutes
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_KRB_IMPERSONATE\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_KRB_IMPERSONATE=Y\fR | \fRy\fR | \fRN\fR | \fRn\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Enables Kerberos user impersonation in the LSF cluster when user
eauth with krb5 is enabled.
.sp 2
When set to \fRY\fR, LSF changes the OS submission user on the
job execution host to be the user in the Kerberos ticket (TGT)
when external authentication is enabled (\fBLSF_AUTH\fR=eauth in
the file lsf.conf). For example, if the OS submission user for
LSF (userA) runs the kinit -r userB command to obtain a user TGT,
then userA submits a job to LSF, the job submission user is
userB, the Kerberos ticket user. LSF commands such as bjobs and
bhist show that the submission user is userB.
.sp 2
\fRLSF_AUTH=eauth\fR must be set in the lsf.conf file for the
\fBLSB_KRB_IMPERSONATE\fR parameter to take effect. Kerberos user
impersonation requires eauth authentication in the LSF cluster.
.sp 2
After changing the value of this parameter, you must restart the
LSF daemons for your changes to take effect.
.sp 2
\fBNote: \fRWhen Kerberos user impersonation is enabled, the
following LSF commands work differently:
.sp 2
*  If the token user is not the OS submission user, commands that
   depend on OS file permissions (such as bpeek and brestart) do
   not work properly.
.sp 2
*  The ACL feature for the bacct and bhist commands is disabled
   to prevent other users from getting the LSF administrator
   token. To ensure that the commands remain secure, do not
   enable the setuid bit for the bacct and bhist executable
   files, and disable them if they are already set.
.sp 2
*  The lsrun command might behave inconsistently between running
   on local and remote hosts, because when an lsrun task is run
   on the local host, it does not go through eauth authorization.
.SH Default

.sp 2
N. Kerberos user impersonation is disabled, and LSF does not
change the OS submission user to the user in the Kerberos ticket.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_KRB_LIB_PATH\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_KRB_LIB_PATH=path to krb5 lib\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Specify the library path that contains the krb5 libs:
.sp 2
*  libkrb5.so
.sp 2
*  libcom_err.so
.sp 2
*  libk5crypto.so
.sp 2
*  libkrb5support.so
.sp 2
You can configure multiple paths in this parameter. These paths
can be blank, comma or semicolon separated. LSF will load the
libs from these paths in the order you specified. Once loaded
successfully, the search stops.
.SH Default

.sp 2
On 32 bit platforms: /lib, /usr/lib, /usr/local/lib
.sp 2
On 64 bit platforms: /lib64, /usr/lib64, /usr/loca/lib64
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_KRB_RENEW_MARGIN\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_KRB_RENEW_MARGIN=\fR\fIminutes\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Specify how long \fRkrbrenewd\fR and root \fRsbatchd\fR have to
renew a Ticket Granting Ticket (TGT) before it expires. If this
parameter is changed, restart \fRmbatchd\fR/\fRsbatchd\fR to have
it take effect.
.SH Default

.sp 2
60 minutes
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_KRB_TGT_DIR\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_KRB_TGT_DIR=directory\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Specify a directory in which Ticket Granting Ticket (TGT) for a
running job is stored. Each job or task will have its environment
variable \fIKRB5CCNAME\fR pointing to the TGT file. Please note
that this parameter controls the TGT location for running jobs,
not for pending jobs on the \fRmbatchd\fR side. For pending jobs,
TGTs are stored in the \fRmbatchd\fR info directory, along with
their job log file.
.sp 2
LSF tries to find the directory to place user TGTs in the
following order:
.sp 2
1. \fBLSB_KRB_TGT_DIR\fR
.sp 2
2. /tmp on execution host
.sp 2
Once LSF finds a valid directory, the search stops.
.sp 2
If \fBLSB_KRB_TGT_DIR\fR is not defined to /tmp, LSF will create
a symbolic link in /tmp to point to the actual TGT file. The
symlink name pattern is \fRlsf_krb5cc_${jid}_${some_suffix}\fR.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_KRB_TGT_FWD\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_KRB_TGT_FWD=Y|N\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Use this parameter to control the user Ticket Granting Ticket
(TGT) forwarding feature. When set to Y, user TGT is forwarded
from the submission host to the execution host. \fRmbatchd\fR
and/or root \fRsbatchd\fR do the required renewing along the way.
.SH Default

.sp 2
N. (Do not forward user TGT during job submission.)
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_LOCALDIR\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_LOCALDIR=\fR\fIpath\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Enables duplicate logging.
.sp 2
Specify the path to a local directory that exists only on the
first LSF management host. LSF puts the primary copies of the
event and accounting log files in this directory. LSF puts the
duplicates in \fBLSB_SHAREDIR\fR.
.sp 2
\fBImportant: \fR
.sp 2
Always restart both mbatchd and sbatchd when modifying
\fBLSB_LOCALDIR\fR.
.SH Example

.sp 2
LSB_LOCALDIR=/usr/share/lsbatch/loginfo
.br

.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSB_SHAREDIR\fR, \fBEVENT_UPDATE_INTERVAL\fR in lsb.params
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_LOG_MASK_MBD\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_LOG_MASK_MBD=\fR\fImessage_log_level\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Specifies the logging level of error messages for LSF mbatchd
only. This value overrides LSB_LOG_MASK for mbatchd only.
.sp 2
For example:
.sp 2
LSB_LOG_MASK_MBD=LOG_DEBUG
.br

.sp 2
The valid log levels for this parameter are:
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_ERR
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_WARNING
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_NOTICE
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_INFO
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_DEBUG
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_DEBUG1
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_DEBUG2
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_DEBUG3
.sp 2
Run badmin mbdrestart to make changes take effect.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined (logging level is controlled by LSB_LOG_MASK).
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_LOG_MASK_SBD\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_LOG_MASK_SBD=\fR\fImessage_log_level\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Specifies the logging level of error messages for LSF sbatchd
only. This value overrides LSF_LOG_MASK for sbatchd only.
.sp 2
For example:
.sp 2
LSB_LOG_MASK_SBD=LOG_DEBUG
.br

.sp 2
The valid log levels for this parameter are:
.sp 2
*  LOG_ERR
.sp 2
*  LOG_WARNING
.sp 2
*  LOG_NOTICE
.sp 2
*  LOG_INFO
.sp 2
*  LOG_DEBUG
.sp 2
*  LOG_DEBUG1
.sp 2
*  LOG_DEBUG2
.sp 2
*  LOG_DEBUG3
.sp 2
Run bctrld restart sbd to make changes take effect.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined (logging level is controlled by LSF_LOG_MASK).
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_LOG_MASK_SCH\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_LOG_MASK_SCH=\fR\fImessage_log_level\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Specifies the logging level of error messages for LSF mbschd
only. This value overrides LSB_LOG_MASK for mbschd only.
.sp 2
For example:
.sp 2
LSB_LOG_MASK_SCHD=LOG_DEBUG
.br

.sp 2
The valid log levels for this parameter are:
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_ERR
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_WARNING
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_NOTICE
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_INFO
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_DEBUG
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_DEBUG1
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_DEBUG2
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_DEBUG3
.sp 2
Run badmin reconfig make changes take effect.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined (logging level is controlled by LSB_LOG_MASK).
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_MAIL_FROM_DOMAIN\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_MAIL_FROM_DOMAIN=\fR\fIdomain_name\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Windows only.
.sp 2
LSF uses the username as the from address to send mail. In some
environments the from address requires domain information. If
\fBLSB_MAIL_FROM_DOMAIN\fR is set, the domain name specified in
this parameter will be added to the from address.
.sp 2
For example, if \fBLSB_MAIL_FROM_DOMAIN\fR is not set the, from
address is SYSTEM; if \fRLSB_MAIL_FROM_DOMAIN=example.com\fR, the
from address is SYSTEM@example.com.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_MAIL_TIMESTAMP_EPOCH_SECONDS\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_MAIL_TIMESTAMP_EPOCH_SECONDS=y|Y|n|N\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Changes the time stamp format in LSF job mail. When the value is
"Y" or "y", the epoch second time is used. By default, the
conventional time format string is used.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not configured, the value is \fRN\fR.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_MAILPROG\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_MAILPROG=\fR\fIfile_name\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Path and file name of the mail program used by LSF to send email.
This is the electronic mail program that LSF uses to send system
messages to the user. When LSF needs to send email to users it
invokes the program defined by LSB_MAILPROG in lsf.conf.
.sp 2
In a mixed cluster, you can specify different programs for
Windows and UNIX. You can set this parameter during installation
on Windows.
.sp 2
LSF provides the sendmail program, which supports the sendmail
protocol on UNIX. You can also write your own custom mail program
and set LSB_MAILPROG to the path where this program is stored.
.sp 2
LSF also provides the lsmail program for Unix (supporting SMTP)
and the lsmail.exe program for Windows (supporting both SMTP and
Microsoft Exchange Server). If lsmail is specified, the parameter
\fBLSB_MAILSERVER\fR must also be specified. On Windows,
lsmail.exe can be configured directly. On Unix, the full path to
the lsmail binary is required for configuration.
.sp 2
If you change your mail program, the LSF administrator must
restart sbatchd on all hosts to retrieve the new value.
.SH UNIX

.sp 2
By default, LSF uses /usr/lib/sendmail to send email to users.
LSF calls \fBLSB_MAILPROG\fR with three arguments in the
following order:
.sp 2
1. The -oi option: When reading a message from standard input,
   does not treat a line with only a period character (\fR.\fR)
   as the end of input. The end of the message is marked by an
   end-of-file character. If your mail program does not support
   this feature, skip this option.
.sp 2
2. The -F \(aqLSF\(aq option specifies the full name of the sender.
.sp 2
3. The -f option specifies the return address for email.
.sp 2
For example, LSF calls the \fBLSB_MAILPROG\fR mail program with
the following arguments: \fRmail_program -oi -F \(aqLSF\(aq -f
LSB_MAILSENDER_value <email_recipient>\fR
.sp 2
\fBLSB_MAILPROG\fR must read the body of the mail message from
the standard input. Any program or shell script that accepts the
arguments and input, and delivers the mail correctly, can be
used.
.sp 2
\fBLSB_MAILPROG\fR must be executable by any user.
.SH Windows

.sp 2
If LSB_MAILPROG is not defined, no email is sent.
.SH Examples

.sp 2
LSB_MAILPROG=lsmail.exe
.br

.sp 2
LSB_MAILPROG=/serverA/tools/lsf/bin/unixhost.exe 
.br

.SH Default

.sp 2
Unix: /usr/lib/sendmail
.sp 2
Windows: empty
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSB_MAILSERVER\fR, \fBLSB_MAILTO\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_MAILSENDER\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_MAILSENDER=\fR\fIuser_name\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Changes the default mail sender for job finish notifications.
.sp 2
By default, the user who submits a job receives an email
notification when the job finishes. The default finish
notification mail sender is the LSF admin.
.sp 2
However, there is a risk that the job submitter’s mail box is
full. If the job submitter’s mail box is full, the notification
email is returned to the mail sender (that is, the LSF admin). It
is possible that the LSF admin will get a mail box full of
returned notification mails, greatly inconveniencing the admin.
Setting this parameter with a different user name for job finish
notifications allows the admin’s mail box to remain clear of
returned notification emails. For example, you may set up a
dedicated user from which all notification emails will be sent
and this user will receive all returned notifications.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_MAILSERVER\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
For
Windows:\fRLSB_MAILSERVER=\fR\fImail_protocol\fR\fR:\fR\fIhostname\fR
.sp 2
For UNIX: \fRLSB_MAILSERVER=\fR\fIhostname\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Part of mail configuration on Windows and Unix.
.sp 2
This parameter only applies when lsmail is used as the mail
program (LSB_MAILPROG=lsmail.exe). Otherwise, it is ignored.
.sp 2
On Windows, specify the protocol and name of the mail server
host. For an SMTP mail host, specify SMTP:\fIhostname\fR. For an
exchange mail host, specify EXCHANGE:\fIhostname\fR. That is:
.sp 2
\fRLSB_MAILSERVER=[SMTP: | EXCHANGE:]\fIhostname\fR\fR
.sp 2
On UNIX, specify just the name of the mail server host. That is:
.sp 2
\fRLSB_MAILSERVER=\fIhostname\fR\fR
.sp 2
\fBNote: \fROn Unix, only SMTP is supported as the
\fImail_protocol\fR.
.sp 2
This parameter is set during installation of LSF or is modified
by the LSF administrator.
.sp 2
If this parameter is modified, the LSF administrator must restart
sbatchd on all hosts to retrieve the new value.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSB_LOCALDIR\fR , \fBLSB_MAILTO\fR, and \fBLSB_MAILPROG\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_MAILSIZE_LIMIT\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_MAILSIZE_LIMIT=\fR\fIemail_size_KB\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Limits the size in KB of the email containing job output
information.
.sp 2
The system sends job information such as CPU, process and memory
usage, job output, and errors in email to the submitting user
account. Some batch jobs can create large amounts of output. To
prevent large job output files from interfering with your mail
system, use LSB_MAILSIZE_LIMIT to set the maximum size in KB of
the email containing the job information. Specify a positive
integer.
.sp 2
If the size of the job output email exceeds LSB_MAILSIZE_LIMIT,
the output is saved to a file under JOB_SPOOL_DIR or to the
default job output directory if JOB_SPOOL_DIR is not defined. The
email informs users of where the job output is located.
.sp 2
If the -o option of bsub is used, the size of the job output is
not checked against LSB_MAILSIZE_LIMIT.
.sp 2
If you use a custom mail program specified by the LSB_MAILPROG
parameter that can use the LSB_MAILSIZE environment variable, it
is not necessary to configure LSB_MAILSIZE_LIMIT.
.SH Default

.sp 2
By default, LSB_MAILSIZE_LIMIT is not enabled. No limit is set on
size of batch job output email.
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSB_MAILPROG\fR, \fBLSB_MAILTO\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_MAILTO\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_MAILTO=\fR\fImail_account\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
LSF sends electronic mail to users when their jobs complete or
have errors, and to the LSF administrator in the case of critical
errors in the LSF system. The default is to send mail to the user
who submitted the job, on the host on which the daemon is
running; this assumes that your electronic mail system forwards
messages to a central mailbox.
.sp 2
The \fBLSB_MAILTO\fR parameter changes the mailing address used
by LSF. \fBLSB_MAILTO\fR is a format string that is used to build
the mailing address.
.sp 2
Common formats are:
.sp 2
*  \fR!U\fR: Mail is sent to the submitting user\(aqs account name
   on the local host. The substring \fR!U\fR, if found, is
   replaced with the user’s account name.
.sp 2
*  \fR!U@company_name.com\fR: Mail is sent to
   \fRuser@company_name.com\fR on the mail server. The mail
   server is specified by the \fBLSB_MAILSERVER\fR parameter.
.sp 2
*  \fR!U@!H\fR: Mail is sent to
   \fIuser\fR\fR@\fR\fIsubmission_hostname\fR. The substring
   \fR!H\fR is replaced with the name of the submission host.
   This format is valid on UNIX only. It is not supported on
   Windows.
.sp 2
All other characters (including any other \fR!\fR characters) are
copied exactly.
.sp 2
If this parameter is modified, the LSF administrator must restart
sbatchd on all hosts to retrieve the new value.
.sp 2
Windows only: When a job exception occurs (for example, a job is
overrun or underrun), an email is sent to the primary
administrator set in the lsf.cluster.\fIcluster_name\fR file to
the domian set in \fBLSB_MAILTO\fR. For example, if the primary
administrator is \fRlsfadmin\fR and
\fRLSB_MAILTO=fred@company.com\fR, an email is sent to
\fRlsfadmin@company.com\fR. The email must be a valid Windows
email account.
.SH Default

.sp 2
\fR!U\fR
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSB_MAILPROG\fR, \fBLSB_MAILSIZE_LIMIT\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_MAX_ASKED_HOSTS_NUMBER\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fBLSB_MAX_ASKED_HOSTS_NUMBER=\fRinteger
.SH Description

.sp 2
Limits the number of hosts a user can specify with the -m (host
preference) option of the following commands:
.sp 2
*  
   bsub
.sp 2
*  
   brun
.sp 2
*  
   bmod
.sp 2
*  
   brestart
.sp 2
*  
   brsvadd
.sp 2
*  
   brsvmod
.sp 2
*  
   brsvs
.sp 2
The job is rejected if more hosts are specified than the value of
\fBLSB_MAX_ASKED_HOSTS_NUMBER\fR.
.sp 2
\fBCAUTION: \fR
.sp 2
If this value is set high, there will be a performance effect if
users submit or modify jobs using the -m option and specify a
large number of hosts. 512 hosts is the suggested upper limit.
.SH Valid values

.sp 2
Any whole, positive integer.
.SH Default

.sp 2
512
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_MAX_FORWARD_PER_SESSION\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_MAX_FORWARD_PER_SESSION=\fIinteger\fR\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
MutliCluster job forwarding model only. Sets the maximum number
of jobs forwarded within a scheduling session.
.sp 2
Defined in the submission cluster only.
.SH Default

.sp 2
50
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_MAX_JOB_DISPATCH_PER_SESSION \fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Sets the maximum number of job decisions that mbschd can make
during one job scheduling session.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_MAX_JOB_DISPATCH_PER_SESSION=\fR\fIinteger\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
The system sets \fBLSB_MAX_JOB_DISPATCH_PER_SESSION\fR
automatically during mbatchd startup, but you can adjust it
manually:
.sp 2
Both mbatchd and sbatchd must be restarted when you manually
change the value of this parameter.
.SH Default

.sp 2
15000.
.sp 2
If the \fBJOB_DISPATCH_PACK_SIZE\fR parameter is set to \fR0\fR
in the lsb.params file, the default value is \fBMIN(MAX(300,
Total CPUs), 3000)\fR.
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBMAX_SBD_CONNS\fR and \fBJOB_DISPATCH_PACK_SIZE\fR in
lsb.params and \fBLSF_NON_PRIVILEGED_PORTS\fR in lsf.conf
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_MAX_PACK_JOBS\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_MAX_PACK_JOBS=\fR\fIinteger\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Applies to job packs only. Enables the job packs feature and
specifies the maximum number of job submission requests in one
job pack.
.sp 2
If the value is 0, job packs are disabled.
.sp 2
If the value is 1, jobs from the file are submitted individually,
as if submitted directly using the bsub command.
.sp 2
We recommend 100 as the initial pack size. Tune this parameter
based on cluster performance. The larger the pack size, the
faster the job submission rate is for all the job requests the
job submission file. However, while mbatchd is processing a pack,
mbatchd is blocked from processing other requests, so increasing
pack size can affect mbatchd response time for other job
submissions.
.sp 2
If you change the configuration of this parameter, you must
restart mbatchd.
.sp 2
Parameters related to job packs are not supported as environment
variables.
.SH Valid Values

.sp 2
Any positive integer or 0.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Set to \fR300\fR at time of installation for the HIGH_THROUGHPUT
configuration template. If otherwise undefined, then 0
(disabled).
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_MAX_PROBE_SBD\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fBLSB_MAX_PROBE_SBD=\fR\fIinteger\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Specifies the maximum number of \fRsbatchd\fR instances that can
be polled by \fRmbatchd\fR in the interval
\fBMBD_SLEEP_TIME\fR/10. Use this parameter in large clusters to
reduce the time it takes for \fRmbatchd\fR to probe all
\fRsbatchd\fRs.
.sp 2
The value of \fBLSB_MAX_PROBE_SBD\fR cannot be greater than the
number of hosts in the cluster. If it is, \fRmbatchd\fR adjusts
the value of \fBLSB_MAX_PROBE_SBD\fR to be same as the number of
hosts.
.sp 2
After modifying \fBLSB_MAX_PROBE_SBD\fR, use badmin mbdrestart to
restart \fRmbatchd\fR and let the modified value take effect.
.sp 2
If \fBLSB_MAX_PROBE_SBD\fR is defined, the value of
\fBMAX_SBD_FAIL\fR in lsb.params can be less than 3.
.sp 2
After modifying \fBLSB_MAX_PROBE_SBD\fR, use badmin mbdrestart to
restart mbatchd and let the modified value take effect.
.SH Valid values

.sp 2
Any number between 0 and 64.
.SH Default

.sp 2
20
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBMAX_SBD_FAIL\fR in lsb.params
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_MBD_BUSY_MSG\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_MBD_BUSY_MSG="\fR\fImessage_string\fR\fR"\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Specifies the message displayed when mbatchd is too busy to
accept new connections or respond to client requests.
.sp 2
Define this parameter if you want to customize the message.
.SH Valid values

.sp 2
String, either non-empty or empty.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined. By default, LSF displays the message \fR"LSF is
processing your request. Please wait..."\fR
.sp 2
Batch commands retry the connection to mbatchd at the intervals
specified by the parameters LSB_API_CONNTIMEOUT and
LSB_API_RECVTIMEOUT.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_MBD_CONNECT_FAIL_MSG\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_MBD_CONNECT_FAIL_MSG="\fR\fImessage_string\fR\fR"\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Specifies the message displayed when internal system connections
to mbatchd fail.
.sp 2
Define this parameter if you want to customize the message.
.SH Valid values

.sp 2
String, either non-empty or empty.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined. By default, LSF displays the message \fR"Cannot
connect to LSF. Please wait..."\fR
.sp 2
Batch commands retry the connection to mbatchd at the intervals
specified by the parameters LSB_API_CONNTIMEOUT and
LSB_API_RECVTIMEOUT.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_MBD_DOWN_MSG\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_MBD_DOWN_MSG="\fR\fImessage_string\fR\fR"\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Specifies the message displayed by the bhosts command when
mbatchd is down or there is no process listening at either the
LSB_MBD_PORT or the LSB_QUERY_PORT.
.sp 2
Define this parameter if you want to customize the message.
.SH Valid values

.sp 2
String, either non-empty or empty.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined. By default, LSF displays the message \fR"LSF is
down. Please wait..."\fR
.sp 2
Batch commands retry the connection to mbatchd at the intervals
specified by the parameters LSB_API_CONNTIMEOUT and
LSB_API_RECVTIMEOUT.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_MBD_PORT \fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
See LSF_LIM_PORT, LSF_RES_PORT, LSB_MBD_PORT, LSB_SBD_PORT.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_MBD_QUERY_RETRY_MSG\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_MBD_QUERY_RETRY_MSG="\fR\fImessage_string\fR\fR"\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Specifies the message displayed by the bjobs command when the
number of concurrent bjobs queries exceeds the value of the
\fBMAX_CONCURRENT_JOB_QUERY\fR parameter specified in the
lsb.params file.
.sp 2
Define this parameter if you want to customize the message.
.SH Valid values

.sp 2
String, either non-empty or empty.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined. By default, LSF displays the message \fR"Batch
system concurrent job query limit exceeded. LSF is retrying.
Please wait..."\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_MC_CHKPNT_RERUN\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_MC_CHKPNT_RERUN=y\fR | \fRn\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
For checkpointable MultiCluster jobs, if a restart attempt fails,
the job is rerun from the beginning (instead of from the last
checkpoint) without administrator or user intervention.
.sp 2
The submission cluster does not need to forward the job again.
The execution cluster reports the job’s new pending status back
to the submission cluster, and the job is dispatched to the same
host to restart from the beginning
.SH Default

.sp 2
\fRn\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_MC_DISABLE_HOST_LOOKUP\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_MC_DISABLE_HOST_LOOKUP\fR=Y
.SH Description

.sp 2
Disable submit host name lookup for remote jobs. When this
parameter is set, the job sbatchd does not look up the submission
host name when executing or cleaning a remote job. LSF will not
be able to do any host dependent automounting.
.SH Default

.sp 2
N. LSF will look up submit host name for remote jobs.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_MC_INITFAIL_MAIL\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_MC_INITFAIL_MAIL=Y\fR | \fRAll\fR | \fRAdministrator\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
MultiCluster job forwarding model only.
.sp 2
Specify Y to make LSF email the job owner when a job is suspended
after reaching the retry threshold.
.sp 2
Specify \fRAdministrator\fR to make LSF email the primary
administrator when a job is suspended after reaching the retry
threshold.
.sp 2
Specify All to make LSF email both the job owner and the primary
administrator when a job is suspended after reaching the retry
threshold.
.SH Default

.sp 2
not defined
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_MC_INITFAIL_RETRY\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_MC_INITFAIL_RETRY=\fR\fIinteger\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
MultiCluster job forwarding model only. Defines the retry
threshold and causes LSF to suspend a job that repeatedly fails
to start, unless a forwarded job could not start in remote
cluster due to insufficient resources. For example, specify 2
retry attempts to make LSF attempt to start a job 3 times before
suspending it.
.SH Default

.sp 2
5
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_MC_RECALL_EXIT_INFO\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_MC_RECALL_EXIT_INFO=Y\fR | \fRy\fR | \fRN\fR | \fRn\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
For LSF multicluster capability, enables \fRTERM_MC_RECALL\fR to
be a job termination reason (exitInfo) to distinguish recalled
jobs from other exited jobs in the execution cluster..
.sp 2
While balancing workload between multiple clusters when using the
LSF multicluster capability, jobs are recalled to the submission
cluster because either the \fBMAX_RSCHED_TIME\fR is reached or
brequeue is run on the submission cluster. If this parameter is
defined as \fRY\fR, these recalled jobs show the job termination
reason (exitInfo) as \fRTERM_MC_RECALL\fR for these recalled
jobs, otherwise these jobs show as exited jobs from the execution
cluster.
.sp 2
Jobs that are rescheduled after running brequeue -a or -p are not
considered as recalled jobs because these jobs are not returned
back to the submission cluster for rescheduling.
.sp 2
To hide these recalled jobs from the list of exited jobs when
running bjobs, bhist, or bacct on the execution cluster, define
\fRLSB_MC_RECALLED_JOBS_HIDE=Y\fR in the lsf.conf file for the
execution cluster.
.SH Default

.sp 2
\fRN\fR
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSB_MC_RECALLED_JOBS_HIDE\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_MC_RECALLED_JOBS_HIDE\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_MC_RECALLED_JOBS_HIDE=Y\fR | \fRy\fR | \fRN\fR | \fRn\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
For LSF multicluster capability, hides recalled jobs from the
list of all jobs.
.sp 2
While balancing workload between multiple clusters when using the
LSF multicluster capability, jobs are recalled to the submission
cluster because either the \fBMAX_RSCHED_TIME\fR is reached or
brequeue is run on the submission cluster. If
\fRLSB_MC_RECALL_EXIT_INFO=Y\fR is defined in lsf.conf, these
recalled jobs show the job termination reasion (exitInfo) as
\fRTERM_MC_RECALL\fR for these recalled jobs, otherwise these
jobs show as exited jobs from the execution cluster.
.sp 2
If \fRLSB_MC_RECALLED_JOBS_HIDE=Y\fR is defined in the lsf.conf
file for the execution cluster, LSF hides these recalled jobs
from the list of exited jobs when running bjobs, bhist, or bacct
on the execution cluster.
.SH Default

.sp 2
\fRN\fR
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSB_MC_RECALL_EXIT_INFO\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_MEMLIMIT_ENF_CONTROL \fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_MEMLIMIT_ENF_CONTROL=<Memory Threshold>:<Swap
Threshold>:<Check Interval>:[all]\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
This parameter further refines the behavior of enforcing a job
memory limit. In the case that one or more jobs reach a specified
memory limit (both the host memory and swap utilization has
reached a configurable threshold) at execution time, the worst
offending job will be killed. A job is selected as the worst
offending job on that host if it has the most overuse of memory
(actual memory rusage minus memory limit of the job).
.sp 2
You also have the choice of killing all jobs exceeding the
thresholds (not just the worst).
.sp 2
The following describes usage and restrictions on this parameter.
.sp 2
*  \fR<Memory Threshold>\fR: (Used memory size/maximum memory
   size)
.sp 2
   A threshold indicating the maximum limit for the ratio of used
   memory size to maximum memory size on the host.
.sp 2
   The threshold represents a percentage and must be an integer
   between 1 and 100.
.sp 2
*  \fR<Swap Threshold>\fR: (Used swap size/maximum swap size)
.sp 2
   A threshold indicating the maximum limit for the ratio of used
   swap memory size to maximum swap memory size on the host.
.sp 2
   The threshold represents a percentage and must be an integer
   between 0 and 100. If you specify a value of 0, the swap
   threshold is excluded from memory limit enforcement (that is,
   there is no limit for swap memory).
.sp 2
*  \fR<Check Interval>\fR: The value, in seconds, specifying the
   length of time that the host memory and swap memory usage will
   not be checked during the nearest two checking cycles.
.sp 2
   The value must be an integer greater than or equal to the
   value of \fBSBD_SLEEP_TIME\fR.
.sp 2
*  The keyword :all can be used to terminate all single host jobs
   that exceed the memory limit when the host threshold is
   reached. If not used, only the worst offending job is killed.
.sp 2
*  If the cgroup memory enforcement feature is enabled
   (\fBLSB_RESOURCE_ENFORCE\fR includes the keyword "memory"),
   \fBLSB_MEMLIMIT_ENF_CONTROL\fR is ignored.
.sp 2
*  The host will be considered to reach the threshold when both
   Memory Threshold and Swap Threshold are reached.
.sp 2
*  \fBLSB_MEMLIMIT_ENF_CONTROL\fR does not have any effect on
   jobs running across multiple hosts. They will be terminated if
   they are over the memory limit regardless of usage on the
   execution host.
.sp 2
*  On some operating systems, when the used memory equals the
   total memory, the OS may kill some processes. In this case,
   the job exceeding the memory limit may be killed by the OS not
   an LSF memory enforcement policy.
.sp 2
   In this case, the exit reason of the job will indicate “killed
   by external signal”.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not enabled. All jobs exceeding the memory limit will be
terminated.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_MEMLIMIT_ENFORCE\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_MEMLIMIT_ENFORCE=y\fR | \fRn\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Specify y to enable LSF memory limit enforcement.
.sp 2
If enabled, LSF sends a signal to kill all processes that exceed
queue-level memory limits set by MEMLIMIT in lsb.queues or
job-level memory limits specified by bsub -M \fImem_limit\fR.
.sp 2
Otherwise, LSF passes memory limit enforcement to the OS. UNIX
operating systems that support RLIMIT_RSS for setrlimit() can
apply the memory limit to each process.
.sp 2
The following operating systems do not support memory limit at
the OS level:
.sp 2
*  
   Windows
.sp 2
*  
   Sun Solaris 2.x
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined. LSF passes memory limit enforcement to the OS.
.SH See also

.sp 2
lsb.queues
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_MIG2PEND\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_MIG2PEND=0\fR | \fR1\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Applies only to migrating checkpointable or rerunnable jobs.
.sp 2
When defined with a value of 1, LSF requeues migrating jobs
instead of restarting or rerunning them on the first available
host. LSF requeues the jobs in the PEND state in order of the
original submission time and with the original job priority.
.sp 2
If you want to place the migrated jobs at the bottom of the queue
without considering submission time, define both
\fBLSB_MIG2PEND\fR=1 and \fBLSB_REQUEUE_TO_BOTTOM\fR=1 in
lsf.conf.
.sp 2
Ignored in a MultiCluster environment.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined. LSF restarts or reruns migrating jobs on the first
available host.
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSB_REQUEUE_TO_BOTTOM\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_MIXED_PATH_DELIMITER\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_MIXED_PATH_DELIMITER=\fR"\fR|\fR"
.SH Description

.sp 2
Defines the delimiter between UNIX and Windows paths if
\fBLSB_MIXED_PATH_ENABLE=y\fR. For example,
/home/tmp/J.out|c:\tmp\J.out.
.SH Default

.sp 2
A pipe "|" is the default delimiter.
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSB_MIXED_PATH_ENABLE\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_MIXED_PATH_ENABLE\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_MIXED_PATH_ENABLE=y\fR | \fRn\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Allows you to specify both a UNIX and Windows path when
submitting a job in a mixed cluster (both Windows and UNIX
hosts).
.sp 2
The format is always \fRunix_path_cmd|windows_path_cmd\fR.
.sp 2
Applies to the following options of bsub:
.sp 2
*  
   -o, -oo
.sp 2
*  
   -e, -eo
.sp 2
*  
   -i, -is
.sp 2
*  
   -cwd
.sp 2
*  
   -E, -Ep
.sp 2
*  
   CMD
.sp 2
*  
   queue level PRE_EXEC, POST_EXEC
.sp 2
*  
   application level PRE_EXEC, POST_EXEC
.sp 2
For example:
.sp 2
bsub -o "/home/tmp/job%J.out|c:\tmp\job%J.out" -e
"/home/tmp/err%J.out|c:\tmp\err%J.out" -E "sleep 9| sleep 8" -Ep
"sleep 7| sleep 6" -cwd "/home/tmp|c:\tmp" "sleep 121|sleep 122"
.sp 2
The delimiter is configurable: \fBLSB_MIXED_PATH_DELIMITER\fR.
.sp 2
\fBNote: \fR
.sp 2
\fBLSB_MIXED_PATH_ENABLE\fR doesn\(aqt support interactive mode
(bsub -I).
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined. LSF jobs submitted .
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSB_MIXED_PATH_DELIMITER\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_MOD_ALL_JOBS\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_MOD_ALL_JOBS=y\fR | \fRY\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
If set, enables bmod to modify resource limits and location of
job output files for running jobs.
.sp 2
After a job has been dispatched, the following modifications can
be made:
.sp 2
*  
   CPU limit (-c [\fIhour\fR:]\fIminute\fR[/\fIhost_name\fR |
   /\fIhost_model\fR] | -cn)
.sp 2
*  
   Memory limit (-M \fImem_limit\fR | -Mn)
.sp 2
*  
   Rerunnable jobs (-r | -rn)
.sp 2
*  
   Resource requirements (-R "\fIres_req\fR" except -R
   "cu[\fIcu_string\fR]")
.sp 2
*  
   Run limit (-W \fIrun_limit\fR[/\fIhost_name\fR |
   /\fIhost_model\fR] | -Wn)
.sp 2
*  
   Standard output file name (-o \fIoutput_file\fR | -on)
.sp 2
*  
   Standard error file name (-e \fIerror_file\fR | -en)
.sp 2
*  
   Overwrite standard output (stdout) file name up to 4094
   characters for UNIX or 255 characters for Windows (-oo
   \fIoutput_file\fR)
.sp 2
*  
   Overwrite standard error (stderr) file name up to 4094
   characters for UNIX or 255 characters for Windows (-eo
   \fIerror_file\fR)
.sp 2
To modify the CPU limit or the memory limit of running jobs, the
parameters LSB_JOB_CPULIMIT=Y and LSB_JOB_MEMLIMIT=Y must be
defined in lsf.conf.
.sp 2
\fBImportant: \fR
.sp 2
Always run badmin mbdrestart after modifying LSB_MOD_ALL_JOBS.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Set to \fRY\fR at time of installation. If otherwise undefined,
then \fRN\fR.
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSB_JOB_CPULIMIT\fR, \fBLSB_JOB_MEMLIMIT\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_NCPU_ENFORCE\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Description

.sp 2
When set to 1, enables parallel fairshare and considers the
number of CPUs when calculating dynamic priority for queue-level
user-based fairshare. LSB_NCPU_ENFORCE does not apply to
host-partition user-based fairshare. For host-partition
user-based fairshare, the number of CPUs is automatically
considered.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Set to 1 at the time of installation. Otherwise, not defined.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_NQS_PORT\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_NQS_PORT=\fR\fIport_number\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Required for LSF to work with NQS.
.sp 2
TCP service port to use for communication with NQS.
.SH Where defined

.sp 2
This parameter can alternatively be set as an environment
variable or in the services database such as /etc/services.
.SH Example

.sp 2
\fRLSB_NQS_PORT=607\fR
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_NUM_NIOS_CALLBACK_THREADS\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_NUM_NIOS_CALLBACK_THREADS=\fR\fIinteger\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Specifies the number of callback threads to use for batch
queries.
.sp 2
If your cluster runs a large amount of blocking mode (bsub -K)
and interactive (bsub -I) jobs, response to batch queries can
become very slow. If you run a large number of bsub -I or bsub -K
jobs, you can define the threads to the number of processors on
the management host.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_PACK_MESUB\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_PACK_MESUB=Y|y|N|n\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Applies to job packs only.
.sp 2
If LSB_PACK_MESUB=N, mesub will not be executed for any jobs in
the job submission file, even if there are esubs configured at
the application level (-a option of bsub), or using
LSB_ESUB_METHOD in lsf.conf, or through a named esub executable
under LSF_SERVERDIR.
.sp 2
If LSB_PACK_MESUB=Y, mesub is executed for every job in the job
submission file.
.sp 2
Parameters related to job packs are not supported as environment
variables.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Y
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_PACK_SKIP_ERROR\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_PACK_SKIP_ERROR=Y|y|N|n\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Applies to job packs only.
.sp 2
If LSB_PACK_SKIP_ERROR=Y, all requests in the job submission file
are submitted, even if some of the job submissions fail. The job
submission process always continues to the end of the file.
.sp 2
If LSB_PACK_SKIP_ERROR=N, job submission stops if one job
submission fails. The remaining requests in the job submission
file are not submitted.
.sp 2
If you change the configuration of this parameter, you must
restart mbatchd.
.sp 2
Parameters related to job packs are not supported as environment
variables.
.SH Default

.sp 2
N
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_PERF_METRICS_LOGDIR\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_PERF_METRICS_LOGDIR=/tmp\fR\fR\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Sets the directory in which \fRmbatchd\fR performance metric data
is logged. The primary owner of this directory is the LSF
administrator.
.SH Default

.sp 2
\fBLSF_LOGDIR\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_PERF_METRICS_SAMPLE_PERIOD\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_PERF_METRICS_SAMPLE_PERIOD=minutes\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Determines the sampling period for \fRwhich mbatchd\fR
performance metric data is collected. The sampling period should
not be too long, such as days.
.SH Default

.sp 2
5 minutes
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_PLAN_KEEP_RESERVE\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Specifies whether to keep the resource reservations for jobs with
plans, even if the plan is no longer valid, until the next round
of job plans are ready.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_PLAN_KEEP_RESERVE=Y|y|N|n\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Enabling this parameter prevents LSF from releasing resource
reservations if the job plan becomes invalid (for example,
because the host is down). If LSF releases the resource
reservations, LSF might dispatch other jobs before the jobs with
plans, even if the jobs with plans have a higher priority.
.sp 2
If \fBLSB_PLAN_KEEP_RESERVE\fR is set to \fRY|y\fR, LSF keeps
resource reservations for jobs with plans, even if the plan is no
longer valid, until LSF creates new plans based on updated
resource availability.
.sp 2
If \fBLSB_PLAN_KEEP_RESERVE\fR is set to \fRN|n\fR, LSF releases
the resource reservations for jobs with plans that are no longer
valid.
.SH Default

.sp 2
N.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_POSTEXEC_SEND_MAIL\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_POSTEXEC_SEND_MAIL=\fR\fIY|y|N|n\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Enable this parameter to have LSF send an email to the user that
provides the details of post execution, if any. This includes any
applicable output.
.SH Default

.sp 2
N
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_PROFILE_MBD\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fBLSB_PROFILE_MBD=\fR\fBY\fR | \fBN\fR |
\fB"\fRkeyword\fB[\fRvalue\fB]\fR ...\fB"\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
This parameter configures the mbatchd daemon profiler to track
the time that mbatchd spends on key functions.
.sp 2
If this parameter is set to \fRY\fR, the profiler dumps mbatchd
profiling information using the default settings.
.sp 2
Use the following keywords to configure the mbatchd profiler:
.sp 2
\fBINTERVAL[\fIseconds\fB]\fR
.br
         Specifies the sampling interval, which is how often the
         profiler dumps the profile data. Specify an integer
         greater than 0. The default is 300 seconds.
.sp 2
\fBTHRESHOLD[\fIthreshold_portion\fB]\fR
.br
         Specifies a threshold value that represents the portion
         of the last sampling interval. Only function stacks with
         a wall clock time value that exceeds this value are
         reported in the profile dump. Specify a float value
         between 0 and 1. The default is 0.01.
.sp 2
\fBLOG_LEVEL[\fIlog_level\fB]\fR
.br
         Specifies the level at which to log the profile. Specify
         one of the standard log levels. The default is
         \fRLOG_INFO\fR.
.sp 2
\fBTIME_LEVEL[\fItime_level\fB]\fR
.br
         Specifies a timing level for checking how long the
         profiler runs, in milliseconds. Specify an integer
         greater than 0. The default is 5.
.SH Default

.sp 2
\fRN\fR
.sp 2
If set to \fRY\fR, the mbatchd profiler runs with the following
settings:
.sp 2
LSB_PROFILE_MBD="INTERVAL[300] THRESHOLD[0.01] LOG_LEVEL[LOG_INFO] TIME_LEVEL[5]"
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSB_PROFILE_SCH\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_PROFILE_SCH\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fBLSB_PROFILE_SCH=\fR\fBY\fR | \fBN\fR |
\fB"\fRkeyword\fB[\fRvalue\fB]\fR ...\fB"\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
This parameter configures the mbschd daemon profiler to track the
time that mbschd spends on key functions.
.sp 2
If this parameter is set to \fRY\fR, the profiler dumps mbschd
profiling information using the default settings.
.sp 2
Use the following keywords to configure the mbschd profiler:
.sp 2
\fBINTERVAL[\fIseconds\fB]\fR
.br
         Specifies the sampling interval, which is how often the
         profiler dumps the profile data. Specify an integer
         greater than 0. The default is 300 seconds.
.sp 2
\fBTHRESHOLD[\fIthreshold_portion\fB]\fR
.br
         Specifies a threshold value that represents the portion
         of the last sampling interval. Only function stacks with
         a wall clock time value that exceeds this value are
         reported in the profile dump. Specify a float value
         between 0 and 1. The default is 0.01.
.sp 2
\fBLOG_LEVEL[\fIlog_level\fB]\fR
.br
         Specifies the level at which to log the profile. Specify
         one of the standard log levels. The default is
         \fRLOG_INFO\fR.
.sp 2
\fBTIME_LEVEL[\fItime_level\fB]\fR
.br
         Specifies a timing level for checking how long the
         profiler runs, in milliseconds. Specify an integer
         greater than 0. The default is 5.
.SH Default

.sp 2
\fRN\fR
.sp 2
If set to \fRY\fR, the mbschd profiler runs with the following
settings:
.sp 2
LSB_PROFILE_SCH="INTERVAL[300] THRESHOLD[0.01] LOG_LEVEL[LOG_INFO] TIME_LEVEL[5]"
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSB_PROFILE_MBD\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_PROJECT_LIMITS\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_PROJECT_LIMITS=Y|y|N|n\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
If this parameter is set to \fRY|y\fR, LSF uses bconf to create
project-based limits when the cluster starts up. This might
reduce the job scheduling cycle and improve job scheduling
performance.
.sp 2
If there are already project limits defined when the cluster
starts up, LSF ignores this parameter.
.SH Default

.sp 2
N. LSF decides the best configuration for job scheduling
performance.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_QUERY_ENH\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
\fBLSB_QUERY_ENH\fR extends multithreaded query support to
several common batch query commands (in addition to bjobs query
requests).
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_QUERY_ENH=Y|N\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
When \fBLSB_QUERY_ENH\fR is enabled, multithreaded query support
is added to most of the common batch query commands. If
\fBLSB_QUERY_ENH\fR is not enabled, multithreaded query support
is only supported for the bjobs command. The following batch
query commands do not support multithreaded batch queries
.sp 2
The mbatchd system query monitoring mechanism starts
automatically instead of waiting to be triggered by a query
request. This ensures a faster and more consistent query response
time within the system.
.SH After you change this parameter

.sp 2
After you change this parameter, you must run badmin mbdrestart
-p -C to restart mbatchd.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Y. Running the upgrade installation also sets this parameter to
Y.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_QUERY_PORT\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Specifies the port number that the mbatchd daemon uses for LSF
query requests.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_QUERY_PORT=\fR\fIport_number\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
This parameter must be defined on all clusters if you are using
the LSF multicluster capability.
.sp 2
Use this parameter for busy clusters with many jobs and frequent
query requests to increase mbatchd daemon performance when you
use the bjobs command.
.sp 2
The port_number is the TCP/IP port number to be used by mbatchd
to only service query requests from the LSF system. The mbatchd
daemon checks the query port during initialization.
.sp 2
If the \fBLSB_QUERY_PORT\fR parameter \fIis not\fR defined:
.sp 2
*  The mbatchd daemon uses the port that is specified by the
   \fBLSB_MBD_PORT\fR parameter in the lsf.conf file. If
   \fBLSB_MBD_PORT\fR is not defined, the mbatchd daemon looks
   into the system services database for port numbers to
   communicate with other hosts in the cluster.
.sp 2
*  For each query request that the mbatchd daemon receives, it
   forks one child mbatchd daemon to service the request. Each
   child mbatchd daemon processes one request and then exits.
.sp 2
If the \fBLSB_QUERY_PORT\fR parameter is defined:
.sp 2
*  The mbatchd daemon prepares this port for connection. The
   default behavior of mbatchd changes, a child mbatchd is
   forked, and the child mbatchd creates threads to process
   requests.
.sp 2
   The interval that is used by the mbatchd daemon for forking
   new child mbatchd daemons is specified by the
   \fBMBD_REFRESH_TIME\fR parameter in the lsb.params file.
.sp 2
*  The child mbatchd daemon takes over and listens on the port to
   process more query requests. For each request, the child
   mbatchd daemon creates a thread to process it.
.sp 2
After you define the \fBLSB_QUERY_PORT\fR parameter you can also
define the following parameters:
.sp 2
*  The \fBMBD_REFRESH_TIME\fR parameter in the lsb.params file
   specifies the time interval when the mbatchd daemon will fork
   a new child mbatchd daemon to service query requests.
.sp 2
*  The \fBNEWJOB_REFRESH\fR parameter in the lsb.params enables a
   child mbatchd daemon to get up-to-date information about new
   jobs from the parent mbatchd daemon. If you enable this
   parameter, you must set the \fBMBD_REFRESH_TIME\fR parameter
   to a value greater than 10 seconds.
.SH Restrictions

.sp 2
Applies only to UNIX operating systems that support thread
programming.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Set to 6891 at time of installation. Otherwise, not defined.
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBMBD_REFRESH_TIME\fR and \fBNEWJOB_REFRESH\fR in lsb.params
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_QUERY_RETRY_INTERVAL_STEP\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_QUERY_RETRY_INTERVAL_STEP=\fR\fIseconds\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Defines how often LSF libraries attempt to contact mbatchd or
perform a concurrent jobs query. For each subsequent attempt to
contact mbatchd or perform a concurrent jobs query, LSF increases
the interval by this amount.
.sp 2
For example, if \fRLSB_QUERY_RETRY_INTERVAL_STEP=2\fR and the
initial attempt fails, LSF makes the first retry attempt two
seconds after the initial attempt, and if this attempt failes,
LSF makes the second retry four seconds after the last retry
attempt, and continues until the attempt succeeds or the
\fBLSB_NTRIES\fR value is reached.
.SH Default

.sp 2
1 second
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_RC_DEFAULT_HOST_TYPE\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
LSF resource connector default host type.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_RC_DEFAULT_HOST_TYPE=\fIstring\fR\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Specifies the default host type to use for a template if the
\fRtype\fR attribute is not defined on a template in the template
configuration files.
.SH Example

.sp 2
LSB_RC_DEFAULT_HOST_TYPE=X86_64
.br

.SH Default

.sp 2
X86_64
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_RC_EXTERNAL_HOST_FLAG\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Setting the \fBLSB_RC_EXTERNAL_HOST_FLAG\fR parameter enables the
LSF resource connector feature.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_RC_EXTERNAL_HOST_FLAG="\fIstring\fR ..."\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Specify a list of Boolean resource names that identify host
providers that are available for borrowing. Any hosts or
instances that provide a resource from the list are initially
closed by LSF at startup. Hosts and instances are only opened
when the resource connector informs LSF that the host was
successfully allocated or the instance is launched.
.sp 2
Run the badmin mbdrestart command for this parameter to take
effect.
.SH Example

.sp 2
LSB_RC_EXTERNAL_HOST_FLAG="awshost googlehost azurehost"
.br

.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_RC_EXTERNAL_HOST_IDLE_TIME\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
For LSF resource connector. If no jobs are running on a resource
provider instance for the specified number of minutes, LSF
relinquishes the instances.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_RC_EXTERNAL_HOST_IDLE_TIME=\fIminutes\fR\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
If the \fBLSB_RC_EXTERNAL_HOST_IDLE_TIME\fR parameter is set to
0, the policy is disabled and the resource provider instance is
never shut down for lack of jobs.
.SH Example

.sp 2
LSB_RC_EXTERNAL_HOST_IDLE_TIME=30
.br

.SH Default

.sp 2
60 minutes
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_RC_EXTERNAL_HOST_MAX_TTL\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
For LSF resource connector. Maximum time-to-live for a resource
provider instance. If an instance is in the cluster for this
number of minutes, LSF closes it and its status goes to
\fRclosed_RC\fR).
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_RC_EXTERNAL_HOST_MAX_TTL=\fIminutes\fR\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
If the resource provider is still active after the specified
number of minutes, LSF changes the host status to
\fRclosed_RC\fR, which prevents the host from accepting
additional workload. If the \fBLSB_RC_EXTERNAL_HOST_MAX_TTL\fR
parameter is set to 0, the policy is disabled. The cloud resource
is returned and terminated if the workload that associated with
the host is done.
.sp 2
You cannot use the badmin hopen command to open a borrowed host
in \fRclosed_RC\fR status.
.SH Example

.sp 2
LSB_RC_EXTERNAL_HOST_MAX_TTL=30
.br

.SH Default

.sp 2
0 minutes (disabled)
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_RC_QUERY_INTERVAL\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
For LSF resource connector. The interval in seconds that the
resource connector checks host status and asynchronous requests
from a resource provider.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_RC_QUERY_INTERVAL=\fIseconds\fR\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Run badmin mbdrestart for any change to take effect.
.SH Example

.sp 2
LSB_RC_QUERY_INTERVAL=60
.br

.SH Default

.sp 2
30 seconds
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_RC_REQUEUE_BUFFER\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
For LSF resource connector. The number of seconds before the
expiration of the reclaim grace period before which LSF starts to
send requeue signals to running jobs on reclaimed hosts.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_RC_REQUEUE_BUFFER=\fIseconds\fR\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
The minimum value is 1, which means that LSF sends the requeue
signal 1 second before the hosts are reclaimed and the daemons
are shut down. Use a low value for jobs on reclaimed hosts to run
longer.
.sp 2
\fBNote: \fRA low value increases the risk that the requeue
operation does not complete before the host is reclaimed and the
daemons are shut down. If a host is reclaimed before the requeue
is complete, the jobs on the host go to \fRUNKNWN\fR status until
the host is returned to LSF.
.SH Example

.sp 2
LSB_RC_REQUEUE_BUFFER=20
.SH Default

.sp 2
30 seconds
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_RC_UPDATE_INTERVAL\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
For LSF resource connector. Configures how often LSF calculates
demand for pending jobs and publishes this demand to the ebrokerd
daemon.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_RC_UPDATE_INTERVAL=\fIseconds\fR\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
This parameter updates the demand calculation according to the
specified interval instead of calculating demand every scheduler
cycle to avoid performance impact.
.SH Example

.sp 2
LSB_RC_UPDATE_INTERVAL=20
.SH Default

.sp 2
30 seconds
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_REQUEUE_TO_BOTTOM\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_REQUEUE_TO_BOTTOM=0\fR | \fR1\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Specify 1 to put automatically requeued jobs at the bottom of the
queue instead of at the top. Also requeues migrating jobs to the
bottom of the queue if \fBLSB_MIG2PEND\fR is also defined with a
value of 1.
.sp 2
Specify 0 to requeue jobs to the top of the queue.
.sp 2
Ignored in a MultiCluster environment.
.SH Default

.sp 2
0 (LSF requeues jobs to the top of the queue).
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSB_MIG2PEND\fR, \fBREQUEUE_EXIT_VALUES\fR in lsb.queues
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_RESOURCE_ENFORCE\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_RESOURCE_ENFORCE="\fIresource\fR [\fIresource\fR]"\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Controls resource enforcement through the Linux cgroup memory,
cpuset subsytem, and GPU access on Linux systems with cgroup
support. Memory and cpuset enforcement for Linux cgroups is
supported on Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) 6.2 or above, SuSe
Linux Enterprise Linux 11 SP2 or above. GPU enforcement for Linux
cgroup device subsystems is supported on Red Hat Enterprise Linux
6.2 or above, and SuSe Linux Enterprise Linux 11 SP2 or above.
.sp 2
\fIresource\fR can be memory, cpu, or gpu. You may also specify
two or three of these resources in any order.
.sp 2
LSF can impose strict host-level memory and swap limits on
systems that support Linux cgroups. These limits cannot be
exceeded. All LSF job processes are controlled by the Linux
cgroup system. If job processes on a host use more memory than
the defined limit, the job will be immediately killed by the
Linux cgroup memory subsystem. Memory is enforced on a per
job/per host basis, not per task. If the host OS is Red Hat
Enterprise Linux 6.3 or above, cgroup memory limits are enforced,
and LSF is notified to terminate the job. Additional notification
is provided to users through specific termination reasons
displayed by bhist –l.
.sp 2
To enable memory enforcement, configure
\fBLSB_RESOURCE_ENFORCE="memory"\fR.
.sp 2
\fBNote: \fR
.sp 2
*  If \fBLSB_RESOURCE_ENFORCE="memory"\fR is configured, all
   existing LSF memory limit related parameters such as
   \fBLSF_HPC_EXTENSIONS="TASK_MEMLIMIT"\fR,
   \fBLSF_HPC_EXTENSIONS="TASK_SWAPLIMIT"\fR,
   \fBLSB_JOB_MEMLIMIT\fR and \fBLSB_MEMLIMIT_ENFORCE\fR are
   ignored.
.sp 2
*  \fBLSB_RESOURCE_ENFORCE="memory"\fR must be specified for
   host-based memory and swap limit enforcement with the bsub -hl
   command option to take effect. If no memory or swap limit is
   specified for the job (the merged limit for the job, queue,
   and application profile, if specified), or
   \fBLSB_RESOURCE_ENFORCE="memory"\fR is not specified, a
   host-based memory limit is not set for the job. When
   \fBLSB_RESOURCE_ENFORCE="memory"\fR is configured and memory
   and swap limits are specified for the job, but -hl is
   \fInot\fR specified, memory and swap limits are calculated and
   enforced as a multiple of the number of tasks running on the
   execution host.
.sp 2
LSF can also enforce CPU affinity binding on systems that support
the Linux cgroup cpuset subsystem. When CPU affinity binding
through Linux cgroups is enabled, LSF will create a cpuset to
contain job processes if the job has affinity resource
requirements, so that the job processes cannot escape from the
allocated CPUs. Each affinity job cpuset includes only the CPU
and memory nodes that LSF distributes. Linux cgroup cpusets are
only created for affinity jobs.
.sp 2
To enable CPU enforcement, configure
\fBLSB_RESOURCE_ENFORCE="cpu"\fR.
.sp 2
If you are enabling memory and CPU enforcement through the Linux
cgroup memory cpsuset subsystems after upgrading an existing LSF
cluster, make sure that the following parameters are set in
lsf.conf:
.sp 2
*  \fBLSF_PROCESS_TRACKING=Y\fR
.sp 2
*  \fBLSF_LINUX_CGROUP_ACCT=Y\fR
.sp 2
Different LSF hosts in the cluster can use different versions of
cgroup as long as each individual LSF host is only running one
version of cgroup. If you have both versions of cgroup enabled in
a host, you must disable one of the versions. For example, hostA
can use cgroup v1 and hostB can use cgroup v2 as long as each
host is only running one version of cgroup.
.sp 2
To enable GPU access through Linux cgroups, configure
\fBLSB_RESOURCE_ENFORCE="gpu"\fR. LSF creates devices to contain
job processes if the job has GPU resource requirements so that
the job processes cannot escape from the allocated GPUs. Each GPU
job device includes only the GPUs that LSF distributes. Linux
cgroup devices are only created for GPU jobs.
.sp 2
\fBNote: \fRWhen GPU enforcement is enabled, the GPUs that are
contained in one device cgroup are reallocated new GPU IDs,
beginning with 0. CUDA Version 7.0 or newer supports cgroup
completely.
.sp 2
Jobs can specify how job processes are to be bound to these
computing elements. LSF uses the environment variable
CUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES to tell user applications which GPUs are
allocated. It is possible for user applications to escape from
the allocated GPUs by changing CUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES directly to
use other GPUs.
.sp 2
For example, the following command submits a job with one
exclusive thread GPU requirement:
.sp 2
bsub -R "rusage[ngpus_excl_t=1]"./myapp 
.sp 2
LSF creates a device that contains one exclusive thread GPU and
attaches the process ID of the application ./myapp to this
device. The device serves as a strict container for job
processes, so that the application ./myapp cannot use other GPUs.
.SH Examples

.sp 2
For a parallel job with 3 tasks and a memory limit of 100 MB,
such as the following:
.sp 2
bsub -n 3 -M 100 –R "span[ptile=2]" blaunch ./mem_eater 
.sp 2
The application \fRmem_eater\fR keeps increasing the memory
usage. LSF will kill the job if it consumes more than 200 MB
total memory on one host. For example, if \fRhosta\fR runs 2
tasks and \fRhostb\fR runs 1 task, the job will only be killed if
total memory on exceeds 200 MB on either hosta or hostb. If one
of the tasks consumes more than 100 MB memory but less than 200
MB, and the other task doesn’t consume any memory, the job will
not be killed. That is, LSF does not support per task memory
enforcement for cgroups.
.sp 2
For a job with affinity requirement, such as the following:
.sp 2
bsub -R "affinity[core:membind=localonly]"./myapp
.sp 2
LSF will create a cpuset which contains one core and attach the
process ID of the application \fR./myapp\fR to this cpuset. The
cpuset serves as a strict container for job processes, so that
the application \fR./myapp\fR cannot bind to other CPUs. LSF will
add all memory nodes into the cpuset to make sure the job can
access all memory nodes on the host, and will make sure job
processes will access preferred memory nodes first.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined. Resource enforcement through the Linux cgroup system
is not enabled.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_RLA_PORT\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_RLA_PORT=\fR\fIport_number\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
TCP port used for communication between the LSF topology adapter
(RLA) and the HPC scheduler plugin.
.SH Default

.sp 2
6883
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_RLA_UPDATE\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_RLA_UPDATE=\fR\fItime_seconds\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Specifies how often the HPC scheduler refreshes free node
information from the LSF topology adapter (RLA).
.SH Default

.sp 2
600 seconds
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_RLA_WORKDIR\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_RLA_WORKDIR=\fR\fIdirectory\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Directory to store the LSF topology adapter (RLA) status file.
Allows RLA to recover its original state when it restarts. When
RLA first starts, it creates the directory defined by
LSB_RLA_WORKDIR if it does not exist, then creates subdirectories
for each host.
.sp 2
You should avoid using /tmp or any other directory that is
automatically cleaned up by the system. Unless your installation
has restrictions on the LSB_SHAREDIR directory, you should use
the default for LSB_RLA_WORKDIR.
.SH Default

.sp 2
LSB_SHAREDIR/\fIcluster_name\fR/rla_workdir
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_SACCT_ONE_UG\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_SACCT_ONE_UG=\fRy | Y | n | N
.SH Description

.sp 2
When set to Y, minimizes overall memory usage of mbatchd during
fairshare accounting at job submission by limiting the number of
share account nodes created on mbatchd startup. Most useful when
there are a lot of user groups with all members in the fairshare
policy.
.sp 2
When a default user group is defined, inactive user share
accounts are still defined for the default user group.
.sp 2
When setting this parameter, you must restart the mbatchd.
.SH Default

.sp 2
N
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_SBD_PORT\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
See LSF_LIM_PORT, LSF_RES_PORT, LSB_MBD_PORT, LSB_SBD_PORT.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_SBD_STARTUP_RETRY_INTERVAL\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_SBD_STARTUP_RETRY_INTERVAL=\fR\fItime_seconds\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
If sbatchd failed to initialize socket, this parameter specifies
the amount of time before sbatchd tries again (if
\fBLSB_SBD_STARTUP_RETRY_TIMES\fR is specified).
.SH Valid values

.sp 2
Any positive integer between 1 and \fBINFINIT_INT\fR.
.sp 2
\fBINFINIT_INT\fR is defined in lsf.h.
.SH Default

.sp 2
If \fBLSB_SBD_STARTUP_RETRY_TIMES\fR is defined, the default
value is 1.
.sp 2
Otherwise, not defined.
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSB_SBD_STARTUP_RETRY_TIMES\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_SBD_STARTUP_RETRY_TIMES\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_SBD_STARTUP_RETRY_TIMES=\fR\fIretry_limit\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
The maximum number of times for sbatchd to try to initialize a
socket when the first attempt failed.
.SH Valid values

.sp 2
Any integer between 0 and \fBINFINIT_INT\fR.
.sp 2
\fBINFINIT_INT\fR is defined in lsf.h.
.SH Default

.sp 2
0. sbatchd does not try to initialize a socket if the first
attempt failed.
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSB_SBD_STARTUP_RETRY_INTERVAL\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_SET_TMPDIR\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_SET_TMPDIR=y|n|<\fIENV_VAR_NAME\fR>\fR
.sp 2
If y, LSF sets the TMPDIR environment variable, overwriting the
current value with the job-specific temporary directory. For more
details on the job-specific temporary directory, refer to
\fBLSB_JOB_TMPDIR\fR.
.sp 2
If this parameter is set to the name of an environment variable
(for example, \fBMY_TMPDIR\fR), LSF sets the value of this
environment variable to the job-specific temporary directory. The
user application can use this environment variable within the
code.
.SH Example

.sp 2
LSB_SET_TMPDIR=MY_TMPDIR
.br

.sp 2
On Unix, the name of this environment variable is $MY_TMPDIR and
its value is the job-specific temporary directory.
.sp 2
On Windows, the name of this environment variable is %MY_TMPDIR%
and its value is the job-specific temporary directory.
.SH Default

.sp 2
n
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_SHAREDIR\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_SHAREDIR=\fR\fIdirectory\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Directory in which the job history and accounting logs are kept
for each cluster. These files are necessary for correct operation
of the system. Like the organization under \fBLSB_CONFDIR\fR,
there is one subdirectory for each cluster.
.sp 2
The \fBLSB_SHAREDIR\fR directory must be owned by the LSF
administrator. It must be accessible from all hosts that can
potentially become the management host, and must allow read and
write access from the management host.
.sp 2
The LSB_SHAREDIR directory typically resides on a reliable file
server.
.SH Default

.sp 2
LSF_INDEP/work
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSB_LOCALDIR\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_SHORT_HOSTLIST\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_SHORT_HOSTLIST=1\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Displays an abbreviated list of hosts in bjobs and bhist for a
parallel job where multiple processes of a job are running on a
host. Multiple processes are displayed in the following format:
.sp 2
processes*hostA
.br

.sp 2
For example, if a parallel job is running 5 processes on
\fRhostA\fR, the information is displayed in the following
manner:
.sp 2
5*hostA
.br

.sp 2
Setting this parameter may improve mbatchd restart performance
and accelerate event replay.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Set to \fR1\fR at time of installation for the HIGH_THROUGHPUT
and PARALLEL configuration templates. Otherwise, not defined.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_SIGSTOP\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_SIGSTOP=\fR\fIsignal_name\fR | \fIsignal_value\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Specifies the signal sent by the SUSPEND action in LSF. You can
specify a signal name or a number.
.sp 2
If this parameter is not defined, by default the SUSPEND action
in LSF sends the following signals to a job:
.sp 2
*  
   Parallel or interactive jobs: SIGTSTP is sent to allow user
   programs to catch the signal and clean up. The parallel job
   launcher also catches the signal and stops the entire job
   (task by task for parallel jobs). Once LSF sends SIGTSTP, LSF
   assumes the job is stopped.
.sp 2
*  
   Other jobs: SIGSTOP is sent. SIGSTOP cannot be caught by user
   programs. The same set of signals is not supported on all UNIX
   systems. To display a list of the symbolic names of the
   signals (without the SIG prefix) supported on your system, use
   the kill -l command.
.SH Example

.sp 2
LSB_SIGSTOP=SIGKILL
.br

.sp 2
In this example, the SUSPEND action sends the three default
signals sent by the TERMINATE action (SIGINT, SIGTERM, and
SIGKILL) 10 seconds apart.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined. Default SUSPEND action in LSF is sent.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_SKIP_FULL_HOSTS\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_SKIP_FULL_HOSTS=y|Y|n|N\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Specifies whether LSF removes full hosts (that is, hosts with all
slots occupied) from consideration at the beginning of each
scheduling session.
.sp 2
When selecting hosts to run jobs, LSF removes unusable hosts from
consideration at the beginning of each scheduling session. Hosts
that are unusable by any job include hosts that are down
(\fRunavail\fR or \fRunreach\fR), closed by the administrator
(\fRclosed_Adm\fR), or closed due to a load threshold
(\fRclosed_Busy\fR), and removing these hosts early in the
scheduling session helps with scheduling performance.
.sp 2
However, LSF does not remove full hosts (\fRclosed_Full\fR) from
consideration because these hosts can still be used by jobs in
preemptive queues if queue-based preemption is enabled.
.sp 2
If \fBLSB_SKIP_FULL_HOSTS\fR is enabled (set to \fRY\fR), LSF
removes full hosts from consideration at the beginning of each
scheduling session, as long as there is no preemption
relationship between the queues (for more details, refer to the
\fBPREEMPTION\fR parameter in the lsb.queues file).
.SH Default

.sp 2
N
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_SSH_XFORWARD_CMD\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
For X11 forwarding, you can modify the default value with an SSH
command (full PATH and options allowed).
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_SSH_XFORWARD_CMD\fR=\fI[/path[/path]]ssh command [ssh
options]\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Optional when submitting jobs with SSH X11 forwarding. Allows you
to specify an SSH command and options when a job is submitted
with -XF.
.sp 2
Replace the default value with an SSH command (full PATH and
options allowed).
.sp 2
When running a job with the -XF option, runs the SSH command
specified here.
.SH Default

.sp 2
\fRssh -X -n\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_STAGE_MAX_STAGE_IN\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Specifies the maximum number of concurrent stage in processes
that can run on the host.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fBLSB_STAGE_MAX_STAGE_IN=\fRnum_processes
.SH Description

.sp 2
If the number of concurrent stage-in processes reaches this
limit, LSF keeps the plan for this job, but will not trigger a
stage-in job. This can occur for direct data staging jobs where
the job handles the file transfer instead of LSF because LSF does
not control the stage-in operations.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_START_EBROKERD\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Enables the mbatchd daemon to start the ebrokerd daemon whenever
mbatchd starts up, is reconfigured, or when it detects that the
old ebrokerd daemon exits.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_START_EBROKERD = Y | y | N | n\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
When the \fBLSB_START_EBROKERD\fR parameter is set to \fRY\fR or
\fRy\fR , the mbatchd daemon starts the ebrokerd daemon whenever
mbatchd starts up, is reconfigured, or when it detects that the
old ebrokerd daemon exits. This setting is required to use
advance reservation pre-scripts and post-scripts.
.sp 2
If this parameter is set to \fRN\fR or \fRn\fR, ebrokerd is
started only for host power control and the LSF resource
connector.
.SH Default

.sp 2
\fRN\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_START_MPS\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
LSF starts CUDA MPS (Multi-Process Service) for the GPU jobs that
require only GPUs with \fBEXCLUSIVE_PROCESS\fR or \fBDEFAULT\fR
modes.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_START_MPS=Y|y|N|n\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
CUDA MPS allows multiple CUDA processes to share a single GPU
context with these modes. If the job requires GPUs with
\fBEXCLUSIVE_THREAD\fR mode, LSF does not start CUDA MPS for the
GPU jobs.
.sp 2
\fBRemember: \fRWhen you change the value of the
\fBLSB_START_MPS\fR parameter, you must restart the sbatchd
daemon:
.sp 2
bctrld restart sbd all
.sp 2
When LSF starts MPS for a job, LSF sets
\fBCUDA_MPS_PIPE_DIRECTORY\fR instead of
\fBCUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES\fR. The GPU jobs communicate with MPS
through a named pipe that is defined by
\fBCUDA_MPS_PIPE_DIRECTORY\fR. \fBCUDA_MPS_PIPE_DIRECTORY\fR is
stored under the directory that is specified by \fBLSF_TMPDIR\fR.
When the job finishes, LSF removes the pipe.
.sp 2
If the cgroup feature is enabled, LSF also creates a cgroup for
MPS under the job level cgroup.
.sp 2
The MPS Server supports up to 16 client CUDA contexts
concurrently. This limitation is per user per job and means that
MPS can only support up to16 CUDA processes at one time even if
LSF allocated multiple GPUs. MPS cannot exit normally if GPU jobs
are killed. The LSF cgroup feature can help resolve this
situation.
.sp 2
The MPS function is supported by CUDA Version 5.5, or later.
.sp 2
The \fBLSB_START_JOB_MPS\fR environment variable at the job level
overrides the \fBLSB_START_MPS\fR parameter.
.sp 2
The default value of the MPS option is mps=no in the GPU
requirement syntax. This option overrides the parameters
\fBLSB_START_MPS = y\fR in the lsf.conf file and the
\fBLSB_START_JOB_MPS=y\fR environment variable, and \fRbsub -env
LSB_START_JOB_MPS=y\fR command option.
.SH Default

.sp 2
N - LSF does not start CUDA MPS for GPU jobs.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_STDOUT_DIRECT\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_STDOUT_DIRECT=y|Y|n|N\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
When set, and used with the -o or -e options of bsub, redirects
standard output or standard error from the job directly to a file
as the job runs.
.sp 2
If \fBLSB_STDOUT_DIRECT\fR is not set and you use the bsub -o
option, the standard output of a job (as well as the resource
usage summary) is written to a temporary file and copied to the
file you specify \fIafter\fR the job finishes.
.sp 2
\fBLSB_STDOUT_DIRECT\fR is not supported on Windows.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_STEP_CGROUP_DEFAULT\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Specifies the default value for the bsub -step_cgroup option for
CSM jobs.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fBLSB_STEP_CGROUP_DEFAULT=y\fR | \fBn\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Run the bsub -step_cgroup option at job submission time to
override this default value.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_STOP_IGNORE_IT\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Usage

.sp 2
\fRLSB_STOP_IGNORE_IT= Y\fR | \fRy\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Allows a solitary job to be stopped regardless of the idle time
(IT) of the host that the job is running on. By default, if only
one job is running on a host, the host idle time must be zero in
order to stop the job.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_SUB_COMMANDNAME\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_SUB_COMMANDNAME=y\fR | \fRY\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
If set, enables esub to use the variable
\fBLSB_SUB_COMMAND_LINE\fR in the esub job parameter file
specified by the \fBLSB_SUB_PARM_FILE\fR environment variable.
.sp 2
The \fBLSB_SUB_COMMAND_LINE\fR variable carries the value of the
bsub command argument, and is used when esub runs.
.SH Example

.sp 2
esub contains:
.sp 2
#!/bin/sh
.br
. $LSB_SUB_PARM_FILE
.br

.br
exec 1>&2
.br
if [ $LSB_SUB_COMMAND_LINE="netscape" ];
.br

.br
then
.br
   echo "netscape is not allowed to run in batch mode" 
.br
   exit $LSB_SUB_ABORT_VALUE
.br
fi
.sp 2
\fBLSB_SUB_COMMAND_LINE\fR is defined in \fB$LSB_SUB_PARM_FILE\fR
as:
.sp 2
LSB_SUB_COMMAND_LINE=netscape
.br

.sp 2
A job submitted with:
.sp 2
\fRbsub netscape ...\fR
.sp 2
Causes esub to echo the message:
.sp 2
\fRnetscape is not allowed to run in batch mode\fR
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSB_SUB_COMMAND_LINE\fR and \fBLSB_SUB_PARM_FILE\fR
environment variables
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_SUBK_SHOW_EXEC_HOST\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_SUBK_SHOW_EXEC_HOST\fR=Y | N
.SH Description

.sp 2
When enabled, displays the execution host in the output of the
command bsub -K. If the job runs on multiple hosts, only the
first execution host is shown.
.sp 2
In a MultiCluster environment, this parameter must be set in both
clusters.
.sp 2
\fBTip: \fR
.sp 2
Restart sbatchd on the execution host to make changes take
effect.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Set to Y at time of installation. If otherwise undefined, then N.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_SUBK_SHOW_JOBID\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_SUBK_SHOW_JOBID\fR=Y | N
.sp 2
\fBLSB_SUBK_SHOW_JOBID=Y\fR | \fBy\fR | \fBN\fR | \fBn\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
When enabled, the bsub -K command option displays the job ID of a
job after it is finished.
.SH Default

.sp 2
N.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_SUPPRESS_CUSTOM_REASONS\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Allows individual users to disable display of customized pending
reasons for the Single key reason (bjobs -p1) and Categorized
Pending Reasons (bjobs -p2 and bjobs -p3).
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_SUPPRESS_CUSTOM_REASONS=Y|y|N|n\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
This parameter applies to all bjobs -p levels except -p0. The
command bjobs -p0, is used to display pending reasons in the
style prior to version 10.1, without using the single key reason
or the categorized pending reason features.
.SH Default

.sp 2
N (customized pending reason messages are enabled)
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSB_BJOBS_PENDREASON_LEVEL\fR in lsf.conf.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_TERMINAL_SERVICE_PORT\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_TERMINAL_SERVICE_PORT=\fIport_number\fR\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Terminal service port number for Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP).
This port is used in tssub jobs.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_TIME_CMD \fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_TIME_CMD=\fR\fItimimg_level\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
The timing level for checking how long batch commands run.
.sp 2
Time usage is logged in milliseconds; specify a positive integer.
.sp 2
Example: \fRLSB_TIME_CMD=1\fR
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSB_TIME_MBD\fR, \fBLSB_TIME_SBD\fR, \fBLSF_TIME_LIM\fR,
\fBLSF_TIME_RES\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_TIME_DMD\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
The timing level for checking how long the dmd daemon runs.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fBLSB_TIME_DMD=\fRtiming_level
.SH Description

.sp 2
Specify a positive integer. Time usage is logged in milliseconds.
.sp 2
LSB_TIME_DMD=1
.sp 2
You must run the bdata admin reconfig command to reconfigure the
LSF data manager daemon (dmd) for the parameter to take effect.
.SH Default

.sp 2
0
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSB_TIME_CMD\fR, \fBLSB_TIME_MBD\fR, \fBLSB_TIME_SBD\fR,
\fBLSF_TIME_LIM\fR, \fBLSF_TIME_RES\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_TIME_GPD\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_TIME_GPD=timing_level\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Sets a timing level for checking how long gpolicyd routines run.
Time usage is logged in milliseconds.
.sp 2
Specify a positive integer.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_TIME_MBD\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_TIME_MBD=\fR\fItiming_level\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
The timing level for checking how long mbatchd routines run.
.sp 2
Time usage is logged in milliseconds; specify a positive integer.
.sp 2
Example: LSB_TIME_MBD=1
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSB_TIME_CMD\fR, \fBLSB_TIME_SBD\fR, \fBLSF_TIME_LIM\fR,
\fBLSF_TIME_RES\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_TIME_RESERVE_NUMJOBS\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_TIME_RESERVE_NUMJOBS=\fR\fImaximum_reservation_jobs\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Enables time-based slot reservation. The value must be positive
integer.
.sp 2
LSB_TIME_RESERVE_NUMJOBS controls maximum number of jobs using
time-based slot reservation. For example, if
LSB_TIME_RESERVE_NUMJOBS=4, only the top 4 jobs get their future
allocation information.
.sp 2
Use LSB_TIME_RESERVE_NUMJOBS=1 to allow only the highest priority
job to get accurate start time prediction.
.SH Recommended value

.sp 2
3 or 4 is the recommended setting. Larger values are not as
useful because after the first pending job starts, the estimated
start time of remaining jobs may be changed.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_TIME_SBD\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
The timing level for checking how long sbatchd routines run.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fBLSB_TIME_SBD=\fRtiming_level
.SH Description

.sp 2
Specify a positive integer. Time usage is logged in milliseconds.
.sp 2
Example: LSB_TIME_SBD=1
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSB_TIME_CMD\fR, \fBLSB_TIME_DMD\fR, \fBLSB_TIME_MBD\fR,
\fBLSF_TIME_LIM\fR, \fBLSF_TIME_RES\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_TIME_SCH\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_TIME_SCH=\fR\fItiming_level\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
The timing level for checking how long mbschd routines run.
.sp 2
Time usage is logged in milliseconds; specify a positive integer.
.sp 2
Example: LSB_TIME_SCH=1
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_TSJOBS_HELPER_HOSTS\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_TSJOBS_HELPER_HOSTS="\fR\fIhelper_host_list\fR\fR"\fR
.sp 2
\fIhelper_host_list\fR is a space-separated list of hosts that
are Terminal Services job helper hosts.
.SH Description

.sp 2
Lists the Terminal Services job helper hosts. Helper hosts must
be LSF servers in the LSF cluster. Configure a maximum of 256
hosts in the list.
.sp 2
The local helper service will select one host from the list and
send requests to the helper to create a user session. If the host
fails to create the user session, the next helper host in the
list will be tried. The local helper service will not select
itself as helper host.
.sp 2
For stability, you should configure one helper host for every 40
execution hosts.
.sp 2
Example: LSB_TSJOBS_HELPER_HOSTS="host1 host2 host3"
.sp 2
To make the modified parameter take effect, restart the LIM (by
running lsadmin limrestart all) and restart the TSJobHelper
Windows service on the execution hosts.
.SH Default

.sp 2
None
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_TSJOBS_HELPER_PORT\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_TSJOBS_HELPER_PORT=\fR\fIport_number\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Specify the service port to use for communication with
TSJobHelper.
.sp 2
For example: LSB_TSJOBS_HELPER_PORT=6889
.sp 2
TSJobHelper uses this port to communicate with the helper hosts.
.sp 2
To make the modified parameter take effect, restart the LIM (by
running lsadmin limrestart all) and restart the TSJobHelper
Windows service on the execution hosts and helper hosts.
.SH Default

.sp 2
6889
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_TSJOBS_HELPER_TIMEOUT\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_TSJOBS_HELPER_TIMEOUT=\fRseconds
.SH Description

.sp 2
Specify the maximum time out that the local TSJobHelper service
waits for a helper host to reply. After time out, the local
service tries the next helper host in the LSB_TSJOBS_HELPER_HOSTS
list.
.sp 2
Example: LSB_TSJOBS_HELPER_TIMEOUT=60
.sp 2
To make the modified parameter take effect, restart the LIM (by
running lsadmin limrestart all) and restart the TSJobHelper
Windows service on the execution hosts.
.SH Default

.sp 2
60 seconds
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_UNIT_FOR_JOBS_DISPLAY\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Specifies a unit prefix for supported display fields in the bjobs
output.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_UNIT_FOR_JOBS_DISPLAY=\fR\fIunit_prefix\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
This parameter specifies a unix prefix for the following fields
in the bjobs -o command output: \fRmem\fR, \fRmax_mem\fR,
\fRavg_mem\fR, \fRmemlimit\fR, \fRswap\fR, \fRswaplimit\fR,
\fRcorelimit\fR, \fRstacklimit\fR, and \fRhrusage\fR (for
\fRhrusage\fR, the unit prefix is for \fRmem\fR and \fRswap\fR
resources only).
.sp 2
The display value keeps two decimals but rounds up the third
decimal. For example, if the unit prefix is set to \fRG\fR,
\fR10M\fR displays as \fR0.01G\fR.
.sp 2
The value of the bjobs -o unit keyword setting overrides the
value of the \fBLSB_UNIT_FOR_JOBS_DISPLAY\fR environment
variable, which also overrides the value of this parameter.
.SH Valid values

.sp 2
The \fIunit_prefix\fR value indicates the unit prefix for the
resource, one of:
.sp 2
*  KB or K (kilobytes)
.sp 2
*  MB or M (megabytes)
.sp 2
*  GB or G (gigabytes)
.sp 2
*  TB or T (terabytes)
.sp 2
*  PB or P (petabytes)
.sp 2
*  EB or E (exabytes)
.sp 2
*  ZB or Z (zettabytes)
.sp 2
*  S (automatically adjust the value to a suitable unit prefix
   and remove the "bytes" suffix from the unit)
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined: Automatically adjust the value to a suitable unit
prefix, but keep the "bytes" suffix in the unit.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_USE_SEQUENTIAL_SIGNAL\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_USE_SEQUENTIAL_SIGNAL=y|Y|n|N\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
When this parameter is set to \fRY\fR or \fRy\fR, the transition
sequence of signals for parallel jobs that are killed is the same
as the sequence of signals for sequential jobs that are killed.
That is, when this parameter is set to \fRY\fR or \fRy\fR the
signal sequence for parallel jobs that are killed is
\fRSIGINT\fR, \fRSIGTERM\fR, then \fRSIGKILL\fR.
.sp 2
The minimum time between each signal transition is defined by the
\fBJOB_TERMINATE_INTERVAL\fR parameter in lsb.params, which is 10
seconds by default.
.SH Default

.sp 2
N. When killing a parallel job, only the \fBSIGKILL\fR signal is
sent.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_USER_REQUEUE_TO_BOTTOM\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_USER_REQUEUE_TO_BOTTOM=1\fR | \fR0\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Determines whether jobs are requeued to the top or bottom of the
queue.
.sp 2
When defined with a value of 1, LSF requeues jobs to the top of
the queue. When defined with a value of 0, LSF requeues jobs to
the bottom of the queue.
.sp 2
If you want to place the migrated jobs at the bottom of the queue
without considering submission time, define both
\fBLSB_MIG2PEND\fR=1 and \fBLSB_REQUEUE_TO_BOTTOM\fR=1 in
lsf.conf.
.sp 2
Ignored in a MultiCluster environment.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined. LSF requeues jobs in order of original submission
time and job priority.
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSB_MIG2PEND\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_UTMP\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSB_UTMP=y\fR | \fRY\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
If set, enables registration of user and account information for
interactive batch jobs submitted with bsub -Ip or bsub -Is. To
disable utmp file registration, set LSB_UTMP to any value other
than y or Y; for example, LSB_UTMP=N.
.sp 2
LSF registers interactive batch jobs the job by adding a entries
to the utmp file on the execution host when the job starts. After
the job finishes, LSF removes the entries for the job from the
utmp file.
.SH Limitations

.sp 2
Registration of utmp file entries is supported on the following
platforms:
.sp 2
*  
   Solaris (all versions)
.sp 2
*  
   HP-UX (all versions)
.sp 2
*  
   Linux (all versions)
.sp 2
utmp file registration is not supported in a MultiCluster
environment.
.sp 2
Because interactive batch jobs submitted with bsub -I are not
associated with a pseudo-terminal, utmp file registration is not
supported for these jobs.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_ACCEPT_NUMCLIENTS\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Sets the maximum number of new client connections to the mbatchd
port (\fBLSB_MBD_PORT\fR) that mbatchd accepts during each
scheduling cycle.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_ACCEPT_NUMCLIENTS=\fR\fIinteger\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Increasing this number causes mbatchd to allocate more time on
client processing, which improves the response time for clients,
but might increase the response time to communications with other
components such as the mbschd or sbatchd daemons.
.SH Default

.sp 2
6.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_ADDON_HOSTS\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Specifies a list of hosts for LSF Application Center, LSF RTM, or
LSF Explorer that require root privileges to remotely execute
commands.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_ADDON_HOSTS="\fR\fIaddon_host_list\fR\fR"\fR
.sp 2
\fIaddon_host_list\fR is a space-separated list of hosts. You
must specify the host name. Host aliases and IP addresses are not
supported.
.SH Description

.sp 2
If you need to enable root privileges on hosts for LSF
Application Center, LSF RTM, or LSF Explorer, specify a
space-separated lists of hosts in the \fBLSF_ADDON_HOSTS\fR in
the lsf.conf file. The root users on these specified hosts can
remotely execute commands. You must also set
\fRLSF_DISABLE_LSRUN=N\fR in the lsf.conf file to enable hosts
that are running LSF Application Center to use the lsrun and
lsgrun commands.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_AM_OPTIONS\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_AM_OPTIONS=AMFIRST\fR | \fRAMNEVER\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Determines the order of file path resolution when setting the
user’s home directory.
.sp 2
This variable is rarely used but sometimes LSF does not properly
change the directory to the user’s home directory when the user’s
home directory is automounted. Setting LSF_AM_OPTIONS forces LSF
to change directory to $HOME before attempting to automount the
user’s home.
.sp 2
When this parameter is not defined or set to AMFIRST, LSF, sets
the user’s $HOME directory from the automount path. If it cannot
do so, LSF sets the user’s $HOME directory from the passwd file.
.sp 2
When this parameter is set to AMNEVER, LSF, never uses automount
to set the path to the user’s home. LSF sets the user’s $HOME
directory directly from the passwd file.
.SH Valid values

.sp 2
The two values are AMFIRST and AMNEVER
.SH Default

.sp 2
Same as AMFIRST
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_API_CONNTIMEOUT\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_API_CONNTIMEOUT=\fR\fItime_seconds\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Timeout when connecting to LIM.
.SH EGO parameter

.sp 2
EGO_LIM_CONNTIMEOUT
.SH Default

.sp 2
5
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSF_API_RECVTIMEOUT\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_API_RECVTIMEOUT\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_API_RECVTIMEOUT=\fR\fItime_seconds\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Timeout when receiving a reply from LIM.
.SH EGO parameter

.sp 2
EGO_LIM_RECVTIMEOUT
.SH Default

.sp 2
20
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSF_API_CONNTIMEOUT\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_ASPLUGIN\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fBLSF_ASPLUGIN=\fRpath
.SH Description

.sp 2
Points to the SGI Array Services library libarray.so. The
parameter only takes effect on 64-bit x-86 Linux 2.6, glibc 2.3.
.SH Default

.sp 2
/usr/lib64/libarray.so
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_AUTH\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fBLSF_AUTH=eauth\fR | \fBident\fR | \fBnone\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Specifies the external client to server authentication method
that is used.. This parameter is required for any cluster that
contains Windows hosts, and is optional for UNIX-only clusters.
You must shut down the LSF daemons on all server hosts before
defining or changing the value of \fBLSF_AUTH\fR, then restart
the LSF daemons on all server hosts to apply the new
authentication method.
.sp 2
\fBeauth\fR
.br
         For site-specific customized external client to server
         authentication. Provides the highest level of security
         of all LSF authentication methods.
.sp 2
\fBident\fR
.br
         For client to server authentication using the RFC
         931/1413/1414 protocol to verify the identity of the
         remote client. If you want to use ident authentication,
         you must download and install the ident protocol,
         available from the public domain, and register ident as
         required by your operating system.
.sp 2
\fBnone\fR
.br
         Disables the triggering of additional authentication.
         For use in a trusted environment where more complex
         authentication methods are not required.
.sp 2
         If \fRLSF_AUTH=none\fR is set, the value of
         \fBLSF_AUTH_DAEMONS\fR is ignored.
.sp 2
For UNIX-only clusters, privileged ports authentication (setuid)
can be configured by commenting out or deleting the LSF_AUTH
parameter. If you choose privileged ports authentication, LSF
commands must be installed as setuid programs owned by root. If
the commands are installed in an NFS-mounted shared file system,
the file system must be mounted with setuid execution allowed,
that is, without the nosuid option.
.sp 2
\fBRestriction: \fRTo enable privileged ports authentication,
\fBLSF_AUTH\fR must not be defined; setuid is not a valid value
for\fB LSF_AUTH\fR.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Set to eauth at time of installation. Otherwise, not defined.
.sp 2
During LSF installation, a default eauth executable is installed
in the directory specified by the environment variable
\fBLSF_SERVERDIR\fR. The default executable provides an example
of how the eauth protocol works. You should write your own eauth
executable to meet the security requirements of your cluster.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_AUTH_DAEMONS\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fBLSF_AUTH_DAEMONS=y\fR | \fBY\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Enables LSF daemon authentication when external authentication is
enabled (\fBLSF_AUTH\fR=eauth in the file lsf.conf). Daemons
invoke eauth to authenticate each other as specified by the eauth
executable.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_AUTH_QUERY_COMMANDS\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fBLSF_AUTH_QUERY_COMMANDS=Y\fR | \fBN\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Controls the authentication for query commands if external
authentication is enabled. If set to \fRY\fR, enables query
command authentication. Use the \fBLSF_AUTH\fR parameter in the
lsf.conf file to specify the external client to server
authentication method that is used.
.sp 2
\fBNote: \fR
.sp 2
*  Before enabling query command authentication in the LSF
   cluster, you must ensure that all hosts in the cluster
   (including management, server, and client hosts), including
   all LSF command executable files, are updated to LSF, Version
   10.1 Fix Pack 11, or newer. If you have any commands that are
   built using the APIs from previous versions of LSF, you must
   also rebuild these commands with the APIs from this latest
   version of LSF.
.sp 2
*  If you are enabling query command authentication for the LSF
   multicluster capability, ensure that all LSF clusters use the
   same \fBLSF_EAUTH_KEY\fR value in the lsb.sudoers file.
.sp 2
After changing the value of the \fBLSF_AUTH_QUERY_COMMANDS\fR
parameter, you must restart the mbatchd and gpolicyd daemons for
this parameter to take effect.
.SH Default

.sp 2
\fRY\fR.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_BIND_JOB\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
\fBLSF_BIND_JOB\fR Specifies the processor binding policy for
sequential and parallel job processes that run on a single host.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_BIND_JOB=\fR\fRNONE\fR | \fRBALANCE\fR | \fRPACK\fR |
\fRANY\fR | \fRUSER\fR | \fRUSER_CPU_LIST\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
\fBNote: \fR\fBLSF_BIND_JOB\fR is deprecated in LSF Standard
Edition and LSF Advanced Edition. You should enable LSF CPU and
memory affinity scheduling in with the AFFINITY parameter in
lsb.hosts. If both LSF_BIND_JOB and affinity scheduling are
enabled, affinity scheduling takes effect, and LSF_BIND_JOB is
disabled. \fBLSF_BIND_JOB\fR and \fBBIND_JOB\fR are the only
affinity options available in LSF Express Edition.
.sp 2
On Linux execution hosts that support this feature, job processes
are hard bound to selected processors.
.sp 2
If processor binding feature is not configured with the
\fBBIND_JOB\fR parameter in an application profile in
lsb.applications, the \fBLSF_BIND_JOB\fR configuration setting
lsf.conf takes effect. The application profile configuration for
processor binding overrides the lsf.conf configuration.
.sp 2
For backwards compatibility:
.sp 2
*  LSF_BIND_JOB=Y is interpreted as LSF_BIND_JOB=BALANCE
.sp 2
*  LSF_BIND_JOB=N is interpreted as LSF_BIND_JOB=NONE
.SH Supported platforms

.sp 2
Linux with kernel version 2.6 or higher
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined. Processor binding is disabled.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_BINDIR\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_BINDIR=\fR\fIdirectory\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Directory in which all LSF user commands are installed.
.SH Default

.sp 2
LSF_MACHDEP/bin
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_BMPLUGIN\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Points to the bitmask library libbitmask.so.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fBLSF_BMPLUGIN=\fRpath
.SH Description

.sp 2
The parameter only takes effect on 64-bit x-86 Linux.
.SH Default

.sp 2
/usr/lib64/libbitmask.so
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_CLEARCASE_WRAPPER_RETRY\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
LSF integration for IBM Rational ClearCase. Specifies the maximum
number of times that the daemon wrapper tries to run the
cleartool setview command.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_CLEARCASE_WRAPPER_RETRY=\fR\fIretry_limit\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
In the LSF ClearCase daemon wrapper, the cleartool setview
command creates a process that is set to a specified ClearCase
view for sbatchd daemons. If the setview command fails, sbatchd
cannot start and the job will fail or exit.
.sp 2
Together with the \fBLSF_CLEARCASE_WRAPPER_RETRY_INTERVAL\fR
parameter, the \fBLSF_CLEARCASE_WRAPPER_RETRY\fR parameter
enables a retry mechanism to resolve failures with the cleartool
setview command so that LSF can tolerate temporary cleartool
setview command failures.
.sp 2
For example, to allow one more attempt after the first attempt
has failed, specify \fRLSF_CLEARCASE_WRAPPER_RETRY=1\fR. When you
set the \fBLSF_CLEARCASE_WRAPPER_RETRY\fR parameter, you should
also set a value for the
\fBLSF_CLEARCASE_WRAPPER_RETRY_INTERVAL\fR parameter.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined. Daemon wrapper does not retry.
.SH Enable

.sp 2
After you set or change the \fBLSF_CLEARCASE_WRAPPER_RETRY\fR
parameter, use the badmin mbdrestart and bctrld restart sbd all
commands to apply the change.
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSF_CLEARCASE_WRAPPER_RETRY_INTERVAL\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_CLEARCASE_WRAPPER_RETRY_INTERVAL\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
LSF integration for IBM Rational ClearCase. Specfies the number
of seconds to wait before the daemon wrapper tries to run the
cleartool setview command.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_CLEARCASE_WRAPPER_RETRY_INTERVAL=\fR\fItime_seconds\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
In the LSF ClearCase daemon wrapper, the cleartool setview
command creates a process that is set to a specified ClearCase
view for sbatchd daemons. If the setview command fails, sbatchd
cannot start and the job will fail or exit.
.sp 2
Together with the \fBLSF_CLEARCASE_WRAPPER_RETRY\fR parameter,
the \fBLSF_CLEARCASE_WRAPPER_RETRY_INTERVAL\fR parameter enables
a retry mechanism to resolve failures with the cleartool setview
command so that LSF can tolerate temporary cleartool setview
command failures.
.sp 2
For example, to have the daemon wrapper wait 10 seconds before it
retries the cleartool setview command, specify
\fRLSF_CLEARCASE_WRAPPER_RETRY_INTERVAL=10\fR. The minimum wait
time is 1 second.
.sp 2
For the \fBLSF_CLEARCASE_WRAPPER_RETRY_INTERVAL\fR parameter to
take effect, you must also configure the
\fBLSF_CLEARCASE_WRAPPER_RETRY\fR parameter.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined.
.SH Enable

.sp 2
After you set or change the
\fBLSF_CLEARCASE_WRAPPER_RETRY_INTERVAL\fR parameter, use the
badmin mbdrestart and badmin hrestart all commands to apply the
change.
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSF_CLEARCASE_WRAPPER_RETRY\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_CMD_LOG_MASK \fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_CMD_LOG_MASK=\fR\fIlog_level\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Specifies the logging level of error messages from LSF commands.
.sp 2
For example:
.sp 2
LSF_CMD_LOG_MASK=LOG_DEBUG
.br

.sp 2
To specify the logging level of error messages, use
LSB_CMD_LOG_MASK. To specify the logging level of error messages
for LSF daemons, use LSF_LOG_MASK.
.sp 2
LSF commands log error messages in different levels so that you
can choose to log all messages, or only log messages that are
deemed critical. The level specified by LSF_CMD_LOG_MASK
determines which messages are recorded and which are discarded.
All messages logged at the specified level or higher are
recorded, while lower level messages are discarded.
.sp 2
For debugging purposes, the level LOG_DEBUG contains the fewest
number of debugging messages and is used for basic debugging. The
level LOG_DEBUG3 records all debugging messages, and can cause
log files to grow very large; it is not often used. Most
debugging is done at the level LOG_DEBUG2.
.sp 2
The commands log to the \fRsyslog\fR facility unless
LSF_CMD_LOGDIR is set.
.SH Valid values

.sp 2
The log levels from highest to lowest are:
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_EMERG
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_ALERT
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_CRIT
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_ERR
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_WARNING
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_NOTICE
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_INFO
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_DEBUG
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_DEBUG1
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_DEBUG2
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_DEBUG3
.SH Default

.sp 2
LOG_WARNING
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSB_CMD_LOG_MASK\fR, \fBLSB_CMD_LOGDIR\fR, \fBLSB_DEBUG\fR,
\fBLSB_DEBUG_CMD\fR, \fBLSB_TIME_CMD\fR, \fBLSB_CMD_LOGDIR\fR,
\fBLSF_LOG_MASK\fR, \fBLSF_LOGDIR\fR, \fBLSF_TIME_CMD\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_CMD_LOGDIR \fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_CMD_LOGDIR=\fR\fIpath\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
The path to the log files used for debugging LSF commands.
.sp 2
This parameter can also be set from the command line.
.SH Default

.sp 2
/tmp
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSB_CMD_LOG_MASK\fR, \fBLSB_CMD_LOGDIR\fR, \fBLSB_DEBUG\fR,
\fBLSB_DEBUG_CMD\fR, \fBLSB_TIME_CMD\fR, \fBLSF_CMD_LOG_MASK\fR,
\fBLSF_LOG_MASK\fR, \fBLSF_LOGDIR\fR, \fBLSF_TIME_CMD\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_COLLECT_ENERGY_USAGE\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fBLSF_COLLECT_ENERGY_USAGE=\fR\fBN\fR | \fBY\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Determines if the collection of job and node energy usage is
enabled on the LSF cluster. This is used for CPU frequency
management and energy usage reporting. The default value is N.
.SH Default

.sp 2
N
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_CONF_RETRY_INT\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_CONF_RETRY_INT=\fR\fItime_seconds\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
The number of seconds to wait between unsuccessful attempts at
opening a configuration file (only valid for LIM). This allows
LIM to tolerate temporary access failures.
.SH EGO parameter

.sp 2
\fBEGO_CONF_RETRY_INT\fR
.SH Default

.sp 2
30
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSF_CONF_RETRY_MAX\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_CONF_RETRY_MAX\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_CONF_RETRY_MAX=\fR\fIinteger\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
The maximum number of retry attempts by LIM to open a
configuration file. This allows LIM to tolerate temporary access
failures. For example, to allow one more attempt after the first
attempt has failed, specify a value of 1.
.SH EGO parameter

.sp 2
\fBEGO_CONF_RETRY_MAX\fR
.SH Default

.sp 2
0
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSF_CONF_RETRY_INT\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_CONFDIR\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_CONFDIR=\fR\fIdirectory\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Directory in which all LSF configuration files are installed.
These files are shared throughout the system and should be
readable from any host. This directory can contain configuration
files for more than one cluster.
.sp 2
The files in the \fBLSF_CONFDIR\fR directory must be owned by the
primary LSF administrator, and readable by all LSF server hosts.
.sp 2
If live reconfiguration through the bconf command is enabled by
the parameter \fBLSF_LIVE_CONFDIR\fR, configuration files are
written to and read from the directory set by
\fBLSF_LIVE_CONFDIR\fR.
.SH Default

.sp 2
LSF_INDEP/conf
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSB_CONFDIR\fR, \fBLSF_LIVE_CONFDIR\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_CONNECTION_CHANGE\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_CONNECTION_CHANGE=Y|y|N|n\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Windows only. Enables lsreghost to register with LSF servers
whenever it detects a change in the total number of connections
(IP addresses) that are associated with the local host.
.sp 2
This parameter is only valid if registration handling is enabled
for LSF hosts (that is, \fRLSF_REG_FLOAT_HOSTS=Y\fR is set in the
lsf.conf file on the LSF server).
.sp 2
Set this parameter to \fRY\fR on the local host and lsreghost
registers the local host with the LSF servers if it detects a
change in the total number of connections (that is, IP addresses)
that are associated with the local host.
.sp 2
You must restart the lsreghost command on the local host for this
change to take effect.
.SH Default

.sp 2
N
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSF_REG_FLOAT_HOSTS\fR, \fBLSF_REG_HOST_INTERVAL\fR.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_CPUSETLIB\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Points to the SGI cpuset library libcpuset.so.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fBLSF_CPUSETLIB=\fRpath
.SH Description

.sp 2
\fBNote: \fRThis parameter is now deprecated and might be removed
in a future version of LSF.
.sp 2
The parameter only takes effect on 64-bit x-86 Linux.
.SH Default

.sp 2
/usr/lib64/libcpuset.so
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_CRASH_LOG\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fBLSF_CRASH_LOG=Y | N\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
On Linux hosts only, enables logging when or if a daemon crashes.
Relies on the Linux debugger (gdb). Two log files are created,
one for the root daemons (res, lim, sbd, and mbatchd) in
/tmp/lsf_root_daemons_crash.log and one for administrative
daemons (mbschd) in /tmp/lsf_admin_daemons_crash.log.
.sp 2
File permissions for both files are 600.
.sp 2
If enabling, you must restart the daemons for the change to take
effect.
.SH Default

.sp 2
N (no log files are created for daemon crashes)
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_CRAY_RELEASE_TIMEOUT\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fBLSB_CRAY_RELEASE_TIMEOUT=\fRtime_seconds
.SH Description

.sp 2
Specifies the amount of time, in seconds, after the reservation
on a Cray compute node is released before LSF allows the compute
node to be used again in another reservation request.
.SH Default

.sp 2
600 seconds.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_CRAY_RUR_DIR\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_CRAY_RUR_DIR=\fR\fIfile_path\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Use this parameter to specify the file path to the RUR data
files, which must be a shared file system that is accessible from
any potential first execution host. The RUR data file for jobs
that are submitted by all users is named rur.output. A
job-specific RUR data file for a specific job ID is named
rur.\fI<jobID>\fR (for example, for job ID 123, the file is named
rur.123).
.sp 2
You can use the \fR%U\fR special character to represent the home
directory of the user that submitted the job. For example, if you
specify \fRLSF_CRAY_RUR_DIR=%U/.rur\fR, and userA and userB
submitted jobs, the RUR data files are located in
/home/userA/.rur for userA and /home/userB/.rur for userB.
.SH Default

.sp 2
$LSB_SHAREDIR/\fIcluster_name\fR/craylinux/\fI<cray_machine_name>\fR/rur
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_CRAY_RUR_EPILOG_PATH\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_CRAY_RUR_EPILOG_PATH=\fR\fIfile_path_to_rur_epilogue.py\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Use this parameter to specify the file path to the RUR epilog
script file.
.sp 2
\fBNote: \fRLSF runs the epilog script file with the \fR-j
\fIjobID\fR\fR option. Therefore, the epilog script file must
support the -j option with the job ID as the argument.
.SH Default

.sp 2
opt/cray/rur/default/bin/rur_epilogue.py
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_CRAY_RUR_PROLOG_PATH\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_CRAY_RUR_PROLOG_PATH=\fR\fIfile_path_to_rur_prologue.py\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Use this parameter to specify the file path to the RUR prolog
script file.
.sp 2
\fBNote: \fRLSF runs the prolog script file with the \fR-j
\fIjobID\fR\fR option. Therefore, the prolog script file must
support the -j option with the job ID as the argument.
.SH Default

.sp 2
opt/cray/rur/default/bin/rur_prologue.py
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_DAEMON_WRAP\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fBLSF_DAEMON_WRAP=y\fR | \fBY\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
When this parameter is set to y or Y, mbatchd, sbatchd, and RES
run the executable \fRdaemons.wrap \fRlocated in
\fBLSF_SERVERDIR\fR.
.sp 2
This parameter is ignored in Kerberos integrations with LSF
Versions 9.1.2, or newer.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined. LSF does not run the daemons.wrap executable.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_DAEMONS_CPUS\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_DAEMONS_CPUS="\fR\fImbatchd_cpu_list\fR\fR:\fR\fImbschd_cpu_list\fR\fR"\fR
.sp 2
\fB\fImbatchd_cpu_list\fB\fR
.br
         Defines the list of management host CPUS where the
         mbatchd daemon processes can run (hard CPU affinity).
         Format the list as a white-space delimited list of CPU
         numbers.
.sp 2
\fB\fImbschd_cpu_list\fB\fR
.br
         Defines the list of management host CPUS where the
         mbschd daemon processes can run. Format the list as a
         white-space delimited list of CPU numbers.
.SH Description

.sp 2
Defining \fRLSF_INTELLIGENT_CPU_BIND=Y\fR in the lsf.conf file
overrides the value of this parameter. Use
\fRLSF_INTELLIGENT_CPU_BIND=Y\fR instead of this parameter to
enable LSF to bind a defined set of LSF daemons to CPUs.
.sp 2
This parameter is only maintained for backwards compatibility.
.sp 2
By default, mbatchd and mbschd can run on any CPUs. If
LSF_DAEMONS_CPUS is set, they only run on a specified list of
CPUs. An empty list means LSF daemons can run on any CPUs. Use
spaces to separate multiple CPUs.
.sp 2
The operating system can assign other processes to run on the
same CPU; however, if utilization of the bound CPU is lower than
utilization of the unbound CPUs.
.SH Related parameters

.sp 2
To improve scheduling and dispatch performance of all LSF
daemons, you should use LSF_DAEMONS_CPUS together with
EGO_DAEMONS_CPUS (in ego.conf or lsf.conf), which controls LIM
CPU allocation, and MBD_QUERY_CPUS, which binds mbactchd query
processes to specific CPUs so that higher priority daemon
processes can run more efficiently. To get best performance, CPU
allocation for all four daemons should be assigned their own
CPUs. For example, on a 4 CPU SMP host, the following
configuration gives the best performance:
.sp 2
EGO_DAEMONS_CPUS=0 LSF_DAEMONS_CPUS=1:2 MBD_QUERY_CPUS=3
.br

.SH Examples

.sp 2
If you specify
.sp 2
LSF_DAEMONS_CPUS="1:2"
.br

.sp 2
the mbatchd processes run only on CPU number 1 on the management
host, and mbschd run on only on CPU number 2.
.sp 2
If you specify
.sp 2
LSF_DAEMONS_CPUS="1 2:1 2" 
.br

.sp 2
both mbatchd and mbschd run CPU 1 and CPU 2.
.SH Important

.sp 2
You can specify CPU affinity only for management hosts that use
one of the following operating systems:
.sp 2
*  Linux 2.6 or higher
.sp 2
*  Solaris 10 or higher
.SH EGO parameter

.sp 2
LSF_DAEMONS_CPUS=\fIlim_cpu_list\fR: run the EGO LIM daemon on
the specified CPUs.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBMBD_QUERY_CPUS\fR in lsb.params
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_DATA_BSUB_CHKSUM\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
For jobs with a data requirement, this parameter enables the bsub
and bmod commands to perform a full sanity check on the files and
folders, and to generate the hash for each file and folder.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fBLSF_DATA_BSUB_CHKSUM=\fR\fBY\fR | \fBy\fR | \fBN\fR | \fBn\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
For jobs with a data requirement, this parameter determines how
LSF performs the following operations on the corresponding files
or folders:
.sp 2
*  Sanity check to see if the files or folders exist
.sp 2
*  Check whether the submission user can access the files or
   folders
.sp 2
*  Discover the size and modification times of the files or
   folders
.sp 2
*  Generate a hash for each file or folder
.sp 2
If LSF_DATA_BSUB_CHKSUM is set to \fRy\fR or \fRY\fR, the bsub
and bmod commands perform all the operations on the files or
folders.
.sp 2
If LSF_DATA_BSUB_CHKSUM is set to \fRn\fR or \fRN\fR, all the
operations on the files or folders occur at the transfer job.
This reduces the amount of time that the bsub or bmod commands
take to submit or modify the job, which equalizes submission
performance between jobs with and without data requirements.
.sp 2
You can force the bsub or bmod command to perform all operations
on the files or folders by specifying the -datachk option with
the bsub or bmod command. The -datachk option can be specified
only with the -data command option.
.SH Default

.sp 2
N. Full checking for the files or folders are performed at the
transfer job and not by the bsub or bmod command.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_DATA_CLUSTER\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_DATA_CLUSTER=\fR\fR\fIstring\fR\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
The \fBLSF_DATA_CLUSTER\fR parameter should be used when multiple
clusters use the same dmd in a non-multicluster environment. The
clusters where the dmd does not live set the parameter to the
cluster name where the dmd lives. The LSF Data Manager bdata
command will check the lsf.conf configuration file for
\fBLSF_DATA_CLUSTER\fR and use the configured value when invoking
the eauth (unless a remote cluster is explicitly specified).
.SH Example

.sp 2
\fRLSF_DATA_CLUSTER=\fImy_data_manager_cluster_name\fR\fR
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_DATA_HOSTS\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Specifies a list of hosts where the LSF data manager daemon (dmd)
can run, and where clients can contact the LSF data manager that
is associated with the cluster. The dmd daemon can run only on
the listed hosts.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fBLSF_DATA_HOSTS=\fRhost_list
.SH Description

.sp 2
All LSF data manager clients, including the mbatchd daemon, use
this parameter to contact the dmd daemon. This parameter must be
defined in every cluster that talks to the LSF data manager.
Defining this parameter acts as a switch that enables the overall
LSF data management features.
.sp 2
The order of host names in the list decides which host is the LSF
data manager management host, and order of failover. All host
names must be listed in the same order for all LSF data managers.
.sp 2
To have LIM start the LSF data manager daemon automatically, and
keep monitoring it, the hosts that are listed in
\fBLSF_DATA_HOSTS\fR must be LSF server hosts.
.sp 2
When the LSF data manager starts, it verifies that its current
host name is on this list, and that it is an LSF server.
.sp 2
To change the \fBLSF_DATA_HOSTS\fR parameter, complete these
steps:
.sp 2
1. Run the bctrld stop lim command to shut down LIM on the LSF
   data manager candidate hosts.
.sp 2
2. Run the bdata admin shutdown command to shut down the dmd
   daemon on the LSF data manager candidate hosts.
.sp 2
3. Change the parameter.
.sp 2
4. Run the bctrld start lim command to start LIM on the LSF data
   manager candidate hosts.
.sp 2
5. Run the badmin mbdrestart command to restart all LSF
   management candidate hosts.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_DATA_NO_SSH_CHK_HOSTS\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Specifies a list of data hosts for which ssh is not needed.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fBLSF_DATA_NO_SSH_CHK_HOSTS="\fRhost1 | regex1 ...\fB"\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
For LSF Data Manager, if the host specified within the data
specification of a submitted job matches one of the hosts in this
parameter, LSF assumes that the submission host can directly
access the file within the data specification. If the
\fBLSF_DATA_BSUB_CHKSUM=N\fR is specified, LSF also assumes that
all the transfer nodes can directly access the file in the data
specification. LSF does not use ssh to process the file.
.sp 2
For LSF Data Manager, if the data source file is located in a
host that is specified in the \fBLSF_DATA_NO_SSH_CHK_HOSTS\fR
parameter, LSF Data Manager assumes that the transfer node can
directly access the source file, and directly copies the source
file to the staging area without using ssh to check the source
file, otherwise the bsub command or transfer job might fail.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_DATA_PORT\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Port number of the LSF data manager daemon (dmd) associated with
the cluster.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fBLSF_DATA_PORT=\fRinteger
.SH Description

.sp 2
After you change the \fBLSF_DATA_PORT\fR parameter, complete
these steps:
.sp 2
1. Run the lsadmin limshutdown command to shut down LIM on the
   LSF data manager candidate hosts.
.sp 2
2. Run the bdata admin shutdown command to shut down the dmd
   daemon on the LSF data manager candidate hosts.
.sp 2
3. Change the parameter.
.sp 2
4. Run the lsadmin limstartup command to start LIM on the LSF
   data manager candidate hosts.
.sp 2
5. Run the badmin mbdrestart command to restart all LSF
   management candidate hosts.
.SH Default

.sp 2
1729
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_DATA_SCP_CMD\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_DATA_SCP_CMD=\fR\fR\fI-q\fR\fR\fR\fI-o\fR[PasswordAuthentication=no|yes]|[Batchmode=no|yes]\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
In LSF, if the sshd daemon is configured to display a banner
message to remote users, the unexpected output of the banner
message might cause the use of ssh and scp within the LSF Data
Manager to fail.
.sp 2
You can control the use of ssh and scp in LSF Data Manager by
specifying two lsf.conf parameters \fBLSF_DATA_SSH_CMD\fR and
\fBLSF_DATA_SCP_CMD\fR.
.sp 2
\fBLSF_DATA_SSH_CMD\fR defines the default SSH command.
.sp 2
\fBLSF_DATA_SCP_CMD\fR defines the default SCP command.
.sp 2
\fBNote: \fRThe \fBLSF_DATA_SCP_CMD\fR definition does not apply
to the job transfer script. To change the use of scp in the job
transfer script, you must use the \fBFILE_TRANSFER_CMD\fR
parameter in the lsf.datamanager configuration file.
.sp 2
If you change the value of the \fBLSF_DATA_SSH_CMD\fR or
\fBLSF_DATA_SCP_CMD\fR parameter, you must restart the dmd daemon
to apply the changes by running the bdata admin reconfig command.
.SH Valid Values

.sp 2
Valid options are as follows:
.sp 2
*  \fR-q\fR
.sp 2
   Quiet mode. Suppresses all warning and diagnostic messages.
.sp 2
*  \fR-o PasswordAuthentication=no\fR
.sp 2
   Specifies that password authentication is not allowed.
.sp 2
*  \fR-o BatchMode=yes\fR
.sp 2
   Specifies non-interactive mode (or batch mode). If password
   authentication is required, the command fails without
   prompting.
.SH Default

.sp 2
The default value is \fR"scp -q -o PasswordAuthentication=no -o
BatchMode=yes -r -p".\fR.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_DATA_SKIP_GROUP_CHECK\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
When the \fBLSF_DATA_SKIP_GROUP_CHECK\fR parameter is set to
\fRY\fR or \fRy\fR, the LSF mbatchd daemon does not check whether
the user who requests data is a member of the user group that is
specified by the -datagrp option for the job.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fBLSF_DATA_SKIP_GROUP_CHECK=\fR\fBY\fR | \fBy\fR | \fBN\fR |
\fBn\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
The \fBLSF_DATA_SKIP_GROUP_CHECK\fR parameter is ignored if the
LSF data manager is not configured (no data hosts are configured
with the \fBLSF_DATA_HOSTS\fR parameter and the
\fBLSF_DATA_PORT\fR parameter is not configured).
.sp 2
After you change \fBLSF_DATA_SKIP_GROUP_CHECK\fR, run the badmin
mbdrestart command to restart all LSF management candidate hosts.
.SH Default

.sp 2
N - if a data job specifies the –datagrp option, LSF checks
whether the user is a member of the group specified. If the user
is not a member the job submission is rejected.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_DATA_SSH_CMD\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_DATA_SSH_CMD=\fR\fR\fI-q\fR\fR\fR\fI-o\fR[PasswordAuthentication=no|yes]|[Batchmode=no|yes]\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
In LSF, if the sshd daemon is configured to display a banner
message to remote users, the unexpected output of the banner
message might cause the use of ssh and scp within the LSF Data
Manager to fail.
.sp 2
You can control the use of ssh and scp in LSF Data Manager by
specifying two lsf.conf parameters \fBLSF_DATA_SSH_CMD\fR and
\fBLSF_DATA_SCP_CMD\fR.
.sp 2
\fBLSF_DATA_SSH_CMD\fR defines the default SSH command.
.sp 2
\fBLSF_DATA_SCP_CMD\fR defines the default SCP command.
.sp 2
If you change the value of the \fBLSF_DATA_SSH_CMD\fR or
\fBLSF_DATA_SCP_CMD\fR parameter, you must restart the dmd daemon
to apply the changes by running the bdata admin reconfig command.
.SH Valid Values

.sp 2
Valid options are as follows:
.sp 2
*  \fR-q\fR
.sp 2
   Quiet mode. Suppresses all warning and diagnostic messages.
.sp 2
*  \fR-o PasswordAuthentication=no\fR
.sp 2
   Specifies that password authentication is not allowed.
.sp 2
*  \fR-o BatchMode=yes\fR
.sp 2
   Specifies non-interactive mode (or batch mode). If password
   authentication is required, the command fails without
   prompting.
.SH Default

.sp 2
The default value is \fR"ssh -q -n -o PasswordAuthentication=no
-o BatchMode=yes".\fR.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_DCGM_PORT\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Enables the NVIDIA Data Center GPU Manager (DCGM) features and
specifies the port number that LSF uses to communicate with the
DCGM daemon.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_DCGM_PORT=\fR\fIport_number\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Define this parameter to enable DCGM features with LSF. LSF uses
this port to communicate with the DCGM daemon.
.sp 2
DCGM provides additional functionality when working with jobs
that request GPU resources by:
.sp 2
*  providing GPU usage information for \fBEXCLUSIVE_PROCESS\fR
   mode jobs.
.sp 2
*  checking the status of GPUs to automatically filter out
   unhealthy GPUs when the job allocates GPU resources, and to
   automatically add back the GPU if it becomes healthy again.
   DCGM provides mechanisms to check the GPU health and LSF
   integrates these mechanisms to check the GPU status before,
   during, and after the job is running to meet the GPU
   requirements. If LSF detects that a GPU is not healthy before
   the job is complete, LSF requeues the job. This ensures that
   the job runs on healthy GPUs. If the execution host\(aqs DCGM
   status is not valid, the bjobs -l command shows an error
   message. The job still runs, but GPU resource usage reports
   are not available from that host.
.sp 2
*  synchronizing the GPU auto-boost feature to support jobs that
   run across multiple GPUs, including jobs that run across
   multiple GPUs on a single host.
.sp 2
Run the -gpu option with the bjobs, bhist, and bacct commands to
display GPU usage information from DCGM after the job finishes.
The -gpu option must be used with the following command options:
.sp 2
*  For the bjobs command, you must run the -gpu option with the
   -l or -UF options.
.sp 2
*  For the bhist command, you must run the -gpu option with the
   -l option.
.sp 2
*  For the bacct command, you must run the -gpu option with the
   -l option.
.sp 2
After changing this parameter, restart the sbatchd and RES
daemons to apply the change.
.sp 2
After enabling the parameter, you must start up DCGM to use the
features.
.sp 2
\fBNote: \fRIf the DCGM integration does not work as expected due
to a missing libdcgm.so file, create a softlink to ensure that
the libdcgm.so file exists and is accessible:
.sp 2
sudo ln -s /usr/lib64/libdcgm.so.1 /usr/lib64/libdcgm.so
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined. DCGM features are disabled.
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBMBD_REFRESH_TIME\fR and \fBNEWJOB_REFRESH\fR in lsb.params
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_DEBUG_CMD \fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_DEBUG_CMD=\fR\fIlog_class\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Sets the debugging log class for LSF commands and APIs.
.sp 2
Specifies the log class filtering to be applied to LSF commands
or the API. Only messages belonging to the specified log class
are recorded.
.sp 2
LSF_DEBUG_CMD sets the log class and is used in combination with
LSF_CMD_LOG_MASK, which sets the log level. For example:
.sp 2
LSF_CMD_LOG_MASK=LOG_DEBUG LSF_DEBUG_CMD="LC_TRACE LC_EXEC" 
.br

.sp 2
Debugging is turned on when you define both parameters.
.sp 2
The daemons log to the syslog facility unless LSF_CMD_LOGDIR is
defined.
.sp 2
To specify multiple log classes, use a space-separated list
enclosed by quotation marks. For example:
.sp 2
LSF_DEBUG_CMD="LC_TRACE LC_EXEC"
.br

.sp 2
Can also be defined from the command line.
.SH Valid values

.sp 2
Valid log classes are:
.sp 2
*  
   LC_AFS and LC2_AFS: Log AFS messages
.sp 2
*  
   LC_AUTH and LC2_AUTH: Log authentication messages
.sp 2
*  
   LC_CHKPNT and LC2_CHKPNT: Log checkpointing messages
.sp 2
*  
   LC_COMM and LC2_COMM: Log communication messages
.sp 2
*  
   LC_DCE and LC2_DCE: Log messages pertaining to DCE support
.sp 2
*  
   LC_EEVENTD and LC2_EEVENTD: Log eeventd messages
.sp 2
*  
   LC_ELIM and LC2_ELIM: Log ELIM messages
.sp 2
*  
   LC_EXEC and LC2_EXEC: Log significant steps for job execution
.sp 2
*  
   LC_FAIR - Log fairshare policy messages
.sp 2
*  
   LC_FILE and LC2_FILE: Log file transfer messages
.sp 2
*  
   LC_HANG and LC2_HANG: Mark where a program might hang
.sp 2
*  
   LC_JARRAY and LC2_JARRAY: Log job array messages
.sp 2
*  
   LC_JLIMIT and LC2_JLIMIT: Log job slot limit messages
.sp 2
*  
   LC_LICENSE and LC2_LICENSE : Log license management messages
   (LC_LICENCE is also supported for backward compatibility)
.sp 2
*  
   LC_LOADINDX and LC2_LOADINDX: Log load index messages
.sp 2
*  
   LC_M_LOG and LC2_M_LOG: Log multievent logging messages
.sp 2
*  
   LC_MPI and LC2_MPI: Log MPI messages
.sp 2
*  
   LC_MULTI and LC2_MULTI: Log messages pertaining to
   MultiCluster
.sp 2
*  
   LC_PEND and LC2_PEND: Log messages related to job pending
   reasons
.sp 2
*  
   LC_PERFM and LC2_PERFM: Log performance messages
.sp 2
*  
   LC_PIM and LC2_PIM: Log PIM messages
.sp 2
*  
   LC_PREEMPT and LC2_PREEMPT: Log preemption policy messages
.sp 2
*  
   LC_RESREQ and LC2_RESREQ: Log resource requirement messages
.sp 2
*  
   LC_SIGNAL and LC2_SIGNAL: Log messages pertaining to signals
.sp 2
*  
   LC_SYS and LC2_SYS: Log system call messages
.sp 2
*  
   LC_TRACE and LC2_TRACE: Log significant program walk steps
.sp 2
*  
   LC_XDR and LC2_XDR: Log everything transferred by XDR
.sp 2
*  
   LC2_KRB: Log message related to Kerberos integration
.sp 2
*  
   LC2_DC: Log message related to Dynamic Cluster
.sp 2
*  
   LC2_CGROUP: Log message related to cgroup operation
.sp 2
*  
   LC2_TOPOLOGY: Log message related to hardware topology
.sp 2
*  
   LC2_AFFINITY: Log message related to affinity
.sp 2
*  
   LC2_LSF_PE: Log message related to LSF PE integration */
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSF_CMD_LOG_MASK\fR, \fBLSF_CMD_LOGDIR\fR,
\fBLSF_DEBUG_LIM\fR, \fBLSF_DEBUG_RES\fR, \fBLSF_LIM_PORT\fR,
\fBLSF_RES_PORT\fR, \fBLSB_MBD_PORT\fR, \fBLSB_SBD_PORT\fR,
\fBLSF_LOGDIR\fR, \fBLSF_LIM_DEBUG\fR, \fBLSF_RES_DEBUG\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_DEBUG_LIM\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_DEBUG_LIM=\fR\fIlog_class\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Sets the log class for debugging LIM.
.sp 2
Specifies the log class filtering to be applied to LIM. Only
messages belonging to the specified log class are recorded.
.sp 2
The LSF_DEBUG_LIM sets the log class and is used in combination
with EGO_LOG_MASK in ego,conf, which sets the log level.
.sp 2
For example, in ego.conf:
.sp 2
EGO_LOG_MASK=LOG_DEBUG
.br

.sp 2
and in lsf.conf:
.sp 2
LSF_DEBUG_LIM=LC_TRACE 
.br

.sp 2
\fBImportant: \fR
.sp 2
If EGO is enabled, LSF_LOG_MASK no longer specifies LIM logging
level. Use EGO_LOG_MASK in ego.conf to control message logging
for LIM. The default value for EGO_LOG_MASK is LOG_WARNING.
.sp 2
You need to restart the daemons after setting LSF_DEBUG_LIM for
your changes to take effect.
.sp 2
If you use the command lsadmin limdebug to temporarily change
this parameter without changing lsf.conf, you do not need to
restart the daemons.
.sp 2
To specify multiple log classes, use a space-separated list
enclosed in quotation marks. For example:
.sp 2
LSF_DEBUG_LIM="LC_TRACE LC_EXEC"
.br

.sp 2
This parameter can also be defined from the command line.
.SH Valid values

.sp 2
Valid log classes are:
.sp 2
*  
   LC_AFS and LC2_AFS: Log AFS messages
.sp 2
*  
   LC_AUTH and LC2_AUTH: Log authentication messages
.sp 2
*  
   LC_CHKPNT - log checkpointing messages
.sp 2
*  
   LC_COMM and LC2_COMM: Log communication messages
.sp 2
*  
   LC_DCE and LC2_DCE: Log messages pertaining to DCE support
.sp 2
*  
   LC_EXEC and LC2_EXEC: Log significant steps for job execution
.sp 2
*  
   LC_FILE and LC2_FILE: Log file transfer messages
.sp 2
*  
   LC_HANG and LC2_HANG: Mark where a program might hang
.sp 2
*  
   LC_JGRP - Log job group messages
.sp 2
*  
   LC_LICENSE and LC2_LICENSE : Log license management messages
   (LC_LICENCE is also supported for backward compatibility)
.sp 2
*  
   LC_LICSCHED - Log License Scheduler messages
.sp 2
*  
   LC_MEMORY - Log memory limit messages
.sp 2
*  
   LC_MULTI and LC2_MULTI: Log messages pertaining to
   MultiCluster
.sp 2
*  
   LC_PIM and LC2_PIM: Log PIM messages
.sp 2
*  
   LC_RESOURCE - Log resource broker messages
.sp 2
*  
   LC_SIGNAL and LC2_SIGNAL: Log messages pertaining to signals
.sp 2
*  
   LC_TRACE and LC2_TRACE: Log significant program walk steps
.sp 2
*  
   LC_XDR and LC2_XDR: Log everything transferred by XDR
.sp 2
*  
   LC2_TOPOLOGY: Debug the hardware topology detection during
   runtime
.SH EGO parameter

.sp 2
\fBEGO_DEBUG_LIM\fR
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSF_DEBUG_RES\fR, \fBLSF_CMD_LOGDIR\fR,
\fBLSF_CMD_LOG_MASK\fR, \fBLSF_LOG_MASK\fR, \fBLSF_LOGDIR\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_DEBUG_RES\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_DEBUG_RES=\fR\fIlog_class\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Sets the log class for debugging RES.
.sp 2
Specifies the log class filtering to be applied to RES. Only
messages belonging to the specified log class are recorded.
.sp 2
LSF_DEBUG_RES sets the log class and is used in combination with
LSF_LOG_MASK, which sets the log level. For example:
.sp 2
LSF_LOG_MASK=LOG_DEBUG LSF_DEBUG_RES=LC_TRACE 
.br

.sp 2
To specify multiple log classes, use a space-separated list
enclosed in quotation marks. For example:
.sp 2
LSF_DEBUG_RES="LC_TRACE LC_EXEC"
.br

.sp 2
You need to restart the daemons after setting LSF_DEBUG_RES for
your changes to take effect.
.sp 2
If you use the command lsadmin resdebug to temporarily change
this parameter without changing lsf.conf, you do not need to
restart the daemons.
.SH Valid values

.sp 2
For a list of valid log classes see LSF_DEBUG_LIM
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSF_DEBUG_LIM\fR, \fBLSF_CMD_LOGDIR\fR,
\fBLSF_CMD_LOG_MASK\fR, \fBLSF_LOG_MASK\fR, \fBLSF_LOGDIR\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_DEFAULT_FREQUENCY\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fBLSF_DEFAULT_FREQUENCY=\fR[float_number][unit]
.SH Description

.sp 2
Sets the default CPU frequency for compute nodes when nodes start
and when node has finished a job that uses a different CPU
frequency. Value is a positive float number with units (GHz or
MHz). If no units are set, the default is GHz. If nothing is set
for this parameter, the nominal CPU frequency of the host will be
used.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined (Nominal CPU frequency is used)
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_DHCP_ENV\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_DHCP_ENV=y\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
If defined, enables dynamic IP addressing for all LSF client
hosts in the cluster.
.sp 2
Dynamic IP addressing is not supported across clusters in a
MultiCluster environment.
.sp 2
If you set LSF_DHCP_ENV, you must also specify
LSF_DYNAMIC_HOST_WAIT_TIME in order for hosts to rejoin a cluster
after their IP address changes.
.sp 2
\fBTip: \fR
.sp 2
After defining or changing this parameter, you must run lsadmin
reconfig and badmin mbdrestart to restart all LSF daemons.
.SH EGO parameter

.sp 2
\fBEGO_DHCP_ENV\fR
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSF_DYNAMIC_HOST_WAIT_TIME\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_DISABLE_LSRUN\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_DISABLE_LSRUN=y\fR | \fRY\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
When defined, RES refuses remote connections from lsrun, lsgrun,
and lsmake unless the user is either an LSF administrator or
root. However, the local host from which lsrun is executed will
be exempted from this limitation as long as the local host is
also the target host for lsrun, lsgrun, or lsmake.
.sp 2
For remote execution by root, temporarily define
\fRLSF_ROOT_USER=Y\fR before performing the remote execution.
When you are done, you must disable this parameter to ensure that
your cluster remains secure.
.sp 2
Other remote execution commands, such as lsmake are not affected.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Set to \fRY\fR at time of installation. Otherwise, not defined.
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSF_ROOT_REX\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_DISCARD_LOG\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_DISCARD_LOG=Y\fR | \fRN\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Specifies the behavior of the mbatchd and mbschd logging threads
if the logging queue is full (that is, when the number of entries
in the logging queue reaches the \fBLSF_LOG_QUEUE_SIZE\fR value).
The logging queue contains the messages to be written to the log
files.
.sp 2
If set to \fRY\fR, the logging thread discards all new messages
at a level lower than \fBLOG_WARNING\fR when the logging queue is
full. LSF logs a summary of the discarded messages later.
.sp 2
If set to \fRN\fR, LSF automatically extends the size of the
logging queue if the logging queue is full.
.sp 2
This parameter is ignored if \fBLSF_LOG_THREAD\fR is set to
\fRN\fR.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Y.
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSF_LOG_THREAD\fR to enable logging threads.
.sp 2
\fBLSF_LOG_QUEUE_SIZE\fR to configure the maximum number of
entries in the logging queue that the logging thread uses before
the logging queue is full.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_DISPATCHER_LOGDIR\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_DISPATCHER_LOGDIR=\fR\fIpath\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Specifies the path to the log files for slot allocation decisions
for queue-based fairshare.
.sp 2
If defined, LSF writes the results of its queue-based fairshare
slot calculation to the specified directory. Each line in the
file consists of a timestamp for the slot allocation and the
number of slots allocated to each queue under its control. LSF
logs in this file every minute. The format of this file is
suitable for plotting with gnuplot.
.SH Example

.sp 2
# clients managed by LSF 
.br

.sp 2
# Roma # Verona # Genova # Pisa # Venezia # Bologna
.br

.sp 2
15/3      19:4:50   0 0 0 0 0 0  
.br

.sp 2
15/3      19:5:51   8 5 2 5 2 0  
.br

.sp 2
15/3      19:6:51   8 5 2 5 5 1  
.br

.sp 2
15/3      19:7:53   8 5 2 5 5 5  
.br

.sp 2
15/3      19:8:54   8 5 2 5 5 0  
.br

.sp 2
15/3      19:9:55   8 5 0 5 4 2 
.br

.sp 2
The queue names are in the header line of the file. The columns
correspond to the allocations per each queue.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_DJOB_TASK_REG_WAIT_TIME\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_DJOB_TASK_REG_WAIT_TIME=\fR\fItime_seconds\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Allows users/admin to define a fixed timeout value to override
the internal timeout set by LSF in order to avoid task
registration timeout for a large parallel job.
.sp 2
Can be configured in lsf.conf or set as an environment variable
of bsub. The environment variable will overwrite the lsf.conf
configuration. If neither is present, LSF will use the default
value. When it is specified by the environment variable or
configured in lsf.conf, the value will be directly used by LSF
without any adjusting.
.SH Default

.sp 2
300 seconds.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_DNS_CACHE\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_DNS_CACHE=Y|y|N|n\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
When set to \fRY\fR, LSF generates a cluster-wide DNS host cache
to improve cluster startup performance
.sp 2
To mitigate the burden on the DNS server when starting the LSF
cluster, a cluster-based cache file ($LSF_ENVDIR/.hosts.dnscache)
is used by all daemons on each host to reduce the number of times
that LSF daemons directly call the DNS server.
.sp 2
The format of the cache file is the same as $LSF_ENVDIR/hosts:
.sp 2
IPAddress OfficialName AliasName
.sp 2
For shared installations, the management host LIM creates the DNS
host cache file ($LSF_ENVDIR/.hosts.dnscache) if the file does
not exist. The mbatchd daemon periodically flushes the local host
cache information into the DNS host cache file.
.sp 2
For non-shared installations, LIM creates the DNS host cache file
($LSF_TMPDIR/.hosts.dnscache) if the file does not exist. LIM
periodically flushes local host cache information into the DNS
host cache file.
.sp 2
When the IP address or hostname is changed on the DNS server
side, LSF daemons can directly call the DNS server to obtain the
updated information before the DNS host cache file is flushed
with the updated information.
.SH Default

.sp 2
N
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_DUALSTACK_PREFER_IPV6\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Define this parameter when you want to ensure that clients and
servers on dual-stack hosts use IPv6 addresses only. Setting this
parameter configures LSF to sort the dynamically created address
lookup list in order of AF_INET6 (IPv6) elements first, followed
by AF_INET (IPv4) elements, and then others.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_DUALSTACK_PREFER_IPV6=Y\fR | \fRy\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
\fBRestriction: \fR
.sp 2
IPv4-only and IPv6-only hosts cannot belong to the same cluster.
In a IBM Spectrum LSF multicluster capability environment, you
cannot mix IPv4-only and IPv6-only clusters.
.sp 2
Follow these guidelines for using IPv6 addresses within your
cluster:
.sp 2
*  Define this parameter only if your cluster
.sp 2
   *  Includes only dual-stack hosts, or a mix of dual-stack and
      IPv6-only hosts, \fIand\fR
.sp 2
   *  Does not include IPv4-only hosts or IPv4 servers running on
      dual-stack hosts (servers prior to LSF version 7)
.sp 2
   \fBImportant: \fR
.sp 2
   Do not define this parameter for any other cluster
   configuration.
.sp 2
*  Within a MultiCluster environment, do not define this
   parameter if any cluster contains IPv4-only hosts or IPv4
   servers (prior to LSF version 7) running on dual-stack hosts.
.sp 2
*  Applications must be engineered to work with the cluster IP
   configuration.
.sp 2
*  If you use IPv6 addresses within your cluster, ensure that you
   have configured the dual-stack hosts correctly. For
   information about configuring dual-stack hosts, see
   Administering IBM Spectrum LSF.
.sp 2
*  Define the parameter \fBLSF_ENABLE_SUPPORT_IPV6\fR in the
   lsf.conf file.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined. LSF sorts the dynamically created address lookup
list in order of AF_INET (IPv4) elements first, followed by
AF_INET6 (IPv6) elements, and then others. Clients and servers on
dual-stack hosts use the first address lookup structure in the
list (IPv4).
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSF_ENABLE_SUPPORT_IPV6\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_DYNAMIC_HOST_TIMEOUT\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_DYNAMIC_HOST_TIMEOUT=\fR\fItime_hours\fR
.sp 2
\fRLSF_DYNAMIC_HOST_TIMEOUT=\fR\fItime_minutes\fR\fRm|M\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Enables automatic removal of dynamic hosts from the cluster and
specifies the timeout value (minimum 10 minutes). To improve
performance in very large clusters, you should disable this
feature and remove unwanted hosts from the hostcache file
manually.
.sp 2
Specifies the length of time a dynamic host is unavailable before
the management host removes it from the cluster. Each time LSF
removes a dynamic host, mbatchd automatically reconfigures
itself.
.SH Valid value

.sp 2
The timeout value must be greater than or equal to 10 minutes.
.sp 2
Values below 10 minutes are set to the minimum allowed value 10
minutes; values above 100 hours are set to the maximum allowed
value 100 hours.
.SH Example

.sp 2
LSF_DYNAMIC_HOST_TIMEOUT=60
.br

.sp 2
A dynamic host is removed from the cluster when it is unavailable
for 60 hours.
.sp 2
LSF_DYNAMIC_HOST_TIMEOUT=60m
.br

.sp 2
A dynamic host is removed from the cluster when it is unavailable
for 60 minutes.
.SH EGO parameter

.sp 2
EGO_DYNAMIC_HOST_TIMEOUT
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined. Unavailable hosts are never removed from the
cluster.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_DYNAMIC_HOST_WAIT_TIME\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_DYNAMIC_HOST_WAIT_TIME=\fR\fItime_seconds\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Defines the length of time in seconds that a dynamic host waits
communicating with the management host LIM to either add the host
to the cluster or to shut down any running daemons if the host is
not added successfully.
.sp 2
\fBNote: \fR
.sp 2
To enable dynamically added hosts, the following parameters must
be defined:
.sp 2
*  LSF_DYNAMIC_HOST_WAIT_TIME in lsf.conf
.sp 2
*  LSF_HOST_ADDR_RANGE in lsf.cluster.\fIcluster_name\fR
.SH Recommended value

.sp 2
An integer greater than zero, up to 60 seconds for every 1000
hosts in the cluster, for a maximum of 15 minutes. Selecting a
smaller value results in a quicker response time for hosts at the
expense of an increased load on the management host LIM.
.SH Example

.sp 2
LSF_DYNAMIC_HOST_WAIT_TIME=60
.sp 2
A host waits 60 seconds from startup to send a request for the
management host LIM to add it to the cluster or to shut down any
daemons if it is not added to the cluster.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined. Dynamic hosts cannot join the cluster.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_EGO_DAEMON_CONTROL\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_EGO_DAEMON_CONTROL="Y"\fR | \fR"N"\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Enables EGO Service Controller to control LSF res and sbatchd
startup. Set the value to "Y" if you want EGO Service Controller
to start res and sbatchd, and restart them if they fail.
.sp 2
To configure this parameter at installation, set
EGO_DAEMON_CONTROL in install.config so that res and sbatchd
start automatically as EGO services.
.sp 2
If LSF_ENABLE_EGO="N", this parameter is ignored and EGO Service
Controller is not started.
.sp 2
If you manually set EGO_DAEMON_CONTROL=Y after installation, you
\fImust\fR configure LSF res and sbatchd startup to AUTOMATIC in
the EGO configuration files res.xml and sbatchd.xml under
EGO_ESRVDIR/esc/conf/services.
.sp 2
To avoid conflicts with existing LSF startup scripts, do not set
this parameter to "Y" if you use a script (for example in /etc/rc
or /etc/inittab) to start LSF daemons. If this parameter is not
defined in install.config file, it takes default value of "N".
.sp 2
\fBImportant: \fR
.sp 2
After installation, LSF_EGO_DAEMON_CONTROL alone \fIdoes not\fR
change the start type for the sbatchd and res EGO services to
AUTOMATIC in res.xml and sbatchd.xml under
EGO_ESRVDIR/esc/conf/services. You must edit these files and set
the <sc:StartType> parameter to AUTOMATIC.
.SH Example

.sp 2
LSF_EGO_DAEMON_CONTROL="N"
.SH Default

.sp 2
N (res and sbatchd are started manually or through operating
system rc facility)
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_EGO_ENVDIR\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_EGO_ENVDIR=\fR\fIdirectory\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Directory where all EGO configuration files are installed. These
files are shared throughout the system and should be readable
from any host.
.sp 2
If LSF_ENABLE_EGO="N", this parameter is ignored and ego.conf is
not loaded.
.SH Default

.sp 2
LSF_CONFDIR/ego/\fIcluster_name\fR/kernel. If not defined, or
commented out, /etc is assumed.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_ELIM_DIR\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_ELIM_DIR=\fR\fIdirectory\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Windows only. Directory in which the LSF elim binary files are
installed.
.sp 2
Specify a file path and melim uses this file path to find and use
the following elim files: elim.bat, elim.cmd, elim.vbs, and
elim.sh.
.sp 2
This parameter allows you to specify a separate location for elim
files that is different from the \fBLSF_SERVERDIR\fR parameter,
such as a shared file system.
.SH Default

.sp 2
LSF_SERVERDIR
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSF_SERVERDIR\fR, \fBEGO_ELIM_DIR\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_ENABLE_BEAT_SERVICE\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_ENABLE_BEAT_SERVICE="services ..."\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Enables the LSF Beats services (lsfbeat tool).
.sp 2
To use this feature, IBM Spectrum LSF Explorer must be deployed
in your LSF cluster.
.sp 2
The lsfbeat tool integrates energy accounting into LSF. IBM
Spectrum LSF Explorer uses Elasticsearch in the collection of the
energy data of each host using Beats. LSF bjobs and bhosts can
then query the data from IBM Spectrum LSF Explorer and display
the job level or host level energy to users.
.sp 2
To enable the lsfbeat energy service, configure
\fBLSF_ENABLE_BEAT_SERVICE="energy"\fR in lsf.conf, then run the
\fRbctrld restart lim all\fR command to start the lsfbeat
service. To query energy data with the bhosts and bjobs commands,
configure \fBLSF_QUERY_ES_FUNCTIONS="energy"\fR and
\fBLSF_QUERY_ES_SERVERS="ip:port"\fR in lsf.conf.
.SH Valid values

.sp 2
The following extension names are supported:
.sp 2
\fBenergy\fR
.br
         If the energy function is defined, lim will start the
         lsfbeat daemon to collect host energy data from IBM
         Spectrum LSF Explorer Elasticsearch.
.sp 2
\fBall\fR
.br
         If the all keyword is defined, all supported lsfbeat
         services will be enabled.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined
.SH Example

.sp 2
The following example shows the output of bjobs -l with
\fRLSF_ENABLE_BEAT_SERVICE="energy"\fR:
.sp 2
user1@ibmgpu01-593: bjobs -l
.br

.br
Job <1933>, User <user1>, Project <default>, Status <RUN>, Queue <ex>, Command <
.br
                     sleep 100000>
.br
Thu Nov 16 03:55:14: Submitted from host <ibmgpu01>, CWD </testing/qa4/user1/egy
.br
                     _test/conf>, Exclusive Execution;
.br
Thu Nov 16 03:55:15: Started on <ibmgpu01>, Execution Home </home/user1>, Execut
.br
                     ion CWD </testing/qa4/user1/egy_test/conf>;
.br
Thu Nov 16 04:07:59: Resource usage collected.
.br
                     MEM: 2 Mbytes;  SWAP: 0 Mbytes;  NTHREAD: 4
.br
                     PGID: 3611;  PIDs: 3611 3612 3615
.br

.br
MEMORY USAGE:
.br
MAX MEM: 2 Mbytes;  AVG MEM: 2 Mbytes
.br

.br
ENERGY USAGE:
.br
163209.00 Joule/ 0.0453 kWh
.sp 2
The following example shows the output of bjobs -o with
\fRLSF_ENABLE_BEAT_SERVICE="energy"\fR:
.sp 2
[user1@ibmgpu01 conf]$ bjobs -o energy 1933
.br
ENERGY
.br
163209.00 Joule
.br

.sp 2
The following example shows the output of bhosts -l with
\fRLSF_ENABLE_BEAT_SERVICE="energy"\fR:
.sp 2
user2@power1976>$ bhosts -l
.br
HOST  power1976
.br
STATUS           CPUF  JL/U    MAX  NJOBS    RUN  SSUSP  USUSP    RSV DISPATCH_WINDOW
.br
closed_Excl    250.00     -     20      1      1      0      0      0      -
.br

.br
CURRENT LOAD USED FOR SCHEDULING:
.br
                r15s   r1m  r15m    ut    pg    io   ls    it   tmp   swp   mem  slots
.br
Total           0.0   0.0   0.1    1%   0.0    27    3     0 4173M  3.8G 105.9G     19
.br
Reserved        0.0   0.0   0.0    0%   0.0     0    0     0    0M    0M    0M      -
.br

.br

.br
LOAD THRESHOLD USED FOR SCHEDULING:
.br
           r15s   r1m  r15m   ut      pg    io   ls    it    tmp    swp    mem
.br
loadSched   -     -     -     -       -     -    -     -     -      -      -
.br
loadStop    -     -     -     -       -     -    -     -     -      -      -
.br

.br

.br
CONFIGURED AFFINITY CPU LIST: all
.br

.br
ENERGY:
.br
Current Power: 580.00 Watt  Energy Consumed: 4405725.00 Joule/ 1.2238 kWh
.br

.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSF_QUERY_ES_FUNCTIONS\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_ENABLE_EGO\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_ENABLE_EGO="Y"\fR | \fR"N"\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Enables EGO functionality in the LSF cluster.
.sp 2
If you set LSF_ENABLE_EGO="Y", you must set or uncomment
LSF_EGO_ENVDIR in lsf.conf.
.sp 2
If you set LSF_ENABLE_EGO="N" you must remove or comment out
LSF_EGO_ENVDIR in lsf.conf.
.sp 2
Set the value to "N" if you do not want to take advantage of the
following LSF features that depend on EGO:
.sp 2
*  
   LSF daemon control by EGO Service Controller
.sp 2
*  
   EGO-enabled SLA scheduling
.sp 2
\fBImportant: \fR
.sp 2
After changing the value of LSF_ENABLE_EGO, you must shut down
and restart the cluster.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Y (EGO is enabled in the LSF cluster)
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_ENABLE_EXTSCHEDULER\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_ENABLE_EXTSCHEDULER=y\fR | \fRY\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
If set, enables mbatchd external scheduling for LSF HPC features.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Set to \fRY\fR at time of installation for the PARALLEL
configuration template. Otherwise, not defined.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_ENABLE_SUPPORT_IPV6\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_ENABLE_SUPPORT_IPV6=y\fR | \fRY\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
If set, enables the use of IPv6 addresses in addition to IPv4.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSF_DUALSTACK_PREFER_IPV6\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_ENABLE_TMP_UNIT\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_ENABLE_TMP_UNIT=Y\fR | \fRy\fR | \fRN\fR | \fRn\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
The default value is \fRLSF_ENABLE_TMP_UNIT=N|n\fR. By default,
the \fBLSF_UNIT_FOR_LIMITS\fR parameter does not affect the
\fRtmp\fR resource, and the unit of the \fRtmp\fR resource for
limits is MB.
.sp 2
When the \fRLSF_ENABLE_TMP_UNIT=Y\fR parameter is specified, the
units that are defined by the \fBLSF_UNIT_FOR_LIMITS\fR parameter
also apply cluster-wide to the \fRtmp\fR resource. Applying limit
units to the \fRtmp\fR resource affects the following limits and
resource requirements:
.sp 2
*  Resource requirements at the job-level (bsub), queue-level
   (lsb.queues), and application-level (lsb.applications).
.sp 2
*  The \fBTMP\fR resource in the \fRLimit\fR section and
   \fBRES_SELECT\fR in the \fRGuaranteedResourcePool\fR section
   in the lsb.resources file.
.sp 2
*  The \fRload_index\fR threshold in the lsb.queues and lsb.hosts
   file.
.sp 2

.SH Example

.sp 2
When the \fBLSF_ENABLE_TMP_UNIT=Y\fR is set, and the unit for
limits is specified as GB (\fBLSF_UNIT_FOR_LIMIT=GB\fR), the
following job submission means \fRmem=1 GB\fR, \fRswp=2 GB\fR,
\fRtmp=3 GB\fR, and \fRtmp>3 GB\fR":
.sp 2
bsub -R "rusage[mem=1,swp=2,tmp=3] select[tmp>3]"
.sp 2
\fBImportant: \fR
.sp 2
Before you enable limits for the \fRtmp\fR resource, completely
drain the cluster of all workload so that no running, pending, or
finished jobs are in the system.
.sp 2
In the LSF multicluster capability environment, configure the
same unit for all clusters.
.SH Default

.sp 2
N | n
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_ENV_OVERRIDE\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Specifies whether environment variables can override the
parameter settings in the lsf.conf file.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_ENV_OVERRIDE=Y\fR|\fRy\fR|\fRN\fR|\fRn\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
UNIX only.
.sp 2
Disabling this parameter prevents users\(aq environment variables
from overriding the parameter settings in the lsf.conf file, and
LSF uses a fixed location for the lsf.conf file (/etc/lsf.conf).
.sp 2
If \fBLSF_ENV_OVERRIDE\fR is set to \fRY\fR|\fRy\fR, environment
variables can override values in lsf.conf and LSF reads the
$LSF_ENVDIR/lsf.conf file for parameter settings.
.sp 2
If \fBLSF_ENV_OVERRIDE\fR is set to \fRN\fR|\fRn\fR, LSF uses
only the /etc/lsf.conf file for parameter settings. The
$LSF_ENVDIR/lsf.conf file is ignored. The \fBLSF_SERVERDIR\fR,
\fBLSF_BINDIR\fR, and \fBLSF_LIBDIR\fR parameters must be defined
to use this setting.
.SH Default

.sp 2
\fRN\fR.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf
.sp 2
\fBRelated reference\fR
.br
\fBLSF_SERVERDIR\fR
.br
\fBLSF_BINDIR\fR
.br
\fBLSF_LIBDIR\fR

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_ENVDIR\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_ENVDIR=\fR\fIdirectory\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Directory containing the lsf.conf file.
.sp 2
By default, lsf.conf is installed by creating a shared copy in
LSF_CONFDIR and adding a symbolic link from /etc/lsf.conf to the
shared copy. If LSF_ENVDIR is set, the symbolic link is installed
in LSF_ENVDIR/lsf.conf.
.sp 2
The lsf.conf file is a global environment configuration file for
all LSF services and applications. The LSF default installation
places the file in LSF_CONFDIR.
.SH Default

.sp 2
/etc
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_EVENT_PROGRAM\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_EVENT_PROGRAM=\fR\fIevent_program_name\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Specifies the name of the LSF event program to use.
.sp 2
If a full path name is not provided, the default location of this
program is LSF_SERVERDIR.
.sp 2
If a program that does not exist is specified, event generation
does not work.
.sp 2
If this parameter is not defined, the default name is
\fRgenevent\fR on UNIX, and \fRgenevent.exe\fR on Windows.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_EVENT_RECEIVER\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_EVENT_RECEIVER=\fR\fIevent_receiver_program_name\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Specifies the LSF event receiver and enables event generation.
.sp 2
Any string may be used as the LSF event receiver; this
information is not used by LSF to enable the feature but is only
passed as an argument to the event program.
.sp 2
If LSF_EVENT_PROGRAM specifies a program that does not exist,
event generation does not work.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined. Event generation is disabled
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_EXT_SERVERDIR\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Directory in which the eauth and esub binary files are located.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_EXT_SERVERDIR=\fR\fIdirectory\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Specify a secure file path and LSF uses this file path to find
and use the eauth and esub.\fIapplication\fR binary files. If
this parameter is configured, LSF clients and daemons run eauth
and esub.\fIapplication\fR binary files in this directory only,
so all eauth and esub.\fIapplication\fR binary files must be in
this location. This ensures that the binary files are always run
from a secure, authorized location.
.SH Default

.sp 2
LSF_SERVERDIR parameter.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_GET_CONF\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_GET_CONF=lim\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Synchronizes a local host\(aqs cluster configuration with the
management host\(aqs cluster configuration. Specifies that a server
host must request cluster configuration details from the LIM of a
host on the SERVER_HOST list. Use when a server host does not
share a filesystem with management hosts, and therefore cannot
access cluster configuration.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_GPU_AUTOCONFIG\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_GPU_AUTOCONFIG=Y|N\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
\fBLSF_GPU_AUTOCONFIG\fR controls whether LSF enables use of GPU
resources automatically.
.sp 2
If set to \fRY\fR, LSF automatically configures built-in GPU
resources and automatically detects GPUs.
.sp 2
If set to \fRN\fR, manual configuration of GPU resources is
required to use GPU features in LSF.
.sp 2
Whether \fBLSF_GPU_AUTOCONFIG\fR is set to \fRY\fR or \fRN\fR,
LSF will always collect GPU metrics from hosts.
.sp 2
The lsload -l command does \fBnot\fR show GPU metrics. GPU
metrics can be viewed using the lsload -gpu command, lsload
-gpuload command, and lshosts -gpu command.
.sp 2
In addition, if \fBLSF_GPU_RESOURCE_IGNORE\fR is set to \fRY\fR
and \fBLSB_GPU_NEW_SYNTAX\fR is set to \fRY\fR or \fRextend\fR,
all built-in GPU resources (\fRgpu_\fI<num>\fRn\fR) are
completely removed from the management host LIM. LSF uses a
different method for the management host LIM and server host LIMs
to collect GPU information. This improves LSF response time
because there are fewer LSF resource metrics to configure and
collect. Do not set \fBLSF_GPU_RESOURCE_IGNORE=Y\fR if you are
using LSF RTM rec.
.sp 2
\fBNote: \fROn LSF systems using RHEL, version 7 or higher is
required to support \fBLSF_GPU_AUTOCONFIG\fR.
.SH Default

.sp 2
N
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_GPU_RESOURCE_IGNORE\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Enables the mbatchd and mbschd daemons to ignore GPU resources.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_GPU_RESOURCE_IGNORE=Y\fR | \fRy\fR | \fRN\fR | \fRn\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
If set to \fRY\fR, mbatchd removes GPU resources from mbatchd and
mbschd, and mbatchd does not collect GPU resource information
from the management host LIM. This means that the lsload -s,
lsload -l, and bhosts -l commands, which display LSF resources,
no longer display information about GPU resources. That is, this
option does not display \fRgpu_\fI<num>\fRn\fR resources. This
improves LSF response time because there are fewer LSF resources
to manage and display.
.sp 2
In addition, if \fBLSF_GPU_AUTOCONFIG\fR is set to \fRY\fR and
\fBLSB_GPU_NEW_SYNTAX\fR is set to \fRY\fR or \fRextend\fR, all
built-in GPU resources (\fRgpu_\fI<num>\fRn\fR) are completely
removed from the management host LIM. LSF uses a different method
for the management host LIM and server host LIMs to collect GPU
information. This further improves performance by having fewer
built-in LSF resources.
.sp 2
\fBNote: \fRIf you are using LSF RTM, make sure that you are
running LSF RTM, Version 10.2 Fix Pack 11, or later. If you
cannot update LSF RTM to at least this version, do not set
\fBLSF_GPU_RESOURCE_IGNORE\fR to \fRY\fR, otherwise LSF RTM will
not show host GPU information. This is because LSF RTM uses LSF
resources to get host GPU information.
.SH Default

.sp 2
N
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_HOST_CACHE_DISABLE\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_HOST_CACHE_DISABLE=Y|y|N|n\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
\fRLSF_HOST_CACHE_DISABLE=Y\fR disables the use of a cluster-wide
DNS host cache file ($LSF_ENVDIR/.hosts.dnscache) that can be
used by all daemons on each host to reduce the number of times
that LSF daemons directly call the DNS server as well as the DNS
cache inside each daemon.
.SH Default

.sp 2
N
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_HOST_CACHE_NTTL\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Negative-time-to-live value in seconds.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_HOST_CACHE_NTTL=\fR\fItime_seconds\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Specifies the length of time the system caches a failed DNS
lookup result. If you set this value to \fR0\fR, LSF does not
cache the result.
.sp 2
\fBNote: \fRSetting this parameter does not affect the
positive-time-to-live value set by the parameter
LSF_HOST_CACHE_PTTL.
.SH Valid values

.sp 2
Positive integer. Set a value between 0 and 60.
.SH Default

.sp 2
60 seconds
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSF_HOST_CACHE_PTTL\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_HOST_CACHE_PTTL\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_HOST_CACHE_PTTL=\fR\fItime_seconds\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Positive-time-to-live value in seconds. Specifies the length of
time the system caches a successful DNS lookup result. If you set
this value to zero (0), LSF does not cache the result.
.sp 2
\fBNote: \fR
.sp 2
Setting this parameter does not affect the negative-time-to-live
value set by the parameter LSF_HOST_CACHE_NTTL.
.SH Valid values

.sp 2
Positive integer. Recommended value equal to or greater than 3600
seconds (1 hour).
.SH Default

.sp 2
86400 seconds (24 hours)
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSF_HOST_CACHE_NTTL\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_HOST_MAX_GPU\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_HOST_MAX_GPU=\fR\fIinteger\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Sets the maximum number of GPU resources for all hosts in the LSF
cluster.
.SH Valid values

.sp 2
Integers between 1 and 32, inclusive.
.SH Default

.sp 2
8
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_HPC_EXTENSIONS\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_HPC_EXTENSIONS="\fR\fIextension_name\fR ...\fR"\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Enables LSF HPC extensions.
.sp 2
After adding or changing LSF_HPC_EXTENSIONS, use badmin
mbdrestart and badmin hrestart to reconfigure your cluster.
.SH Valid values

.sp 2
The following extension names are supported:
.sp 2
CUMULATIVE_RUSAGE: When a parallel job script runs multiple
commands, resource usage is collected for jobs in the job script,
rather than being overwritten when each command is executed.
.sp 2
DISP_RES_USAGE_LIMITS: bjobs displays resource usage limits
configured in the queue as well as job-level limits.
.sp 2
HOST_RUSAGE: For parallel jobs, reports the correct rusage based
on each host’s usage and the total rusage being charged to the
execution host. This host rusage breakdown applies to the blaunch
framework, the pam framework, and vendor MPI jobs. For a running
job, you will see run time, memory, swap, utime, stime, and pids
and pgids on all hosts that a parallel job spans. For finished
jobs, you will see memory, swap, utime, and stime on all hosts
that a parallel job spans. The host-based rusage is reported in
the JOB_FINISH record of lsb.acct and lsb.stream, and the
JOB_STATUS record of lsb.events if the job status is done or
exit. Also for finished jobs, bjobs -l shows CPU time, bhist -l
shows CPU time, and bacct -l shows utime, stime, memory, and
swap. In the MultiCluster lease model, the parallel job must run
on hosts that are all in the same cluster. If you use the
jobFinishLog API, all external tools must use jobFinishLog built
with LSF 9.1 or later, or host-based rusage will not work. If you
add or remove this extension, you must restart mbatchd, sbatchd,
and res on all hosts. The behaviour used to be controlled by
HOST_RUSAGE prior to LSF 9.1.
.sp 2
NO_CUMULATIVE_RUSAGE: Turn on this parameter if you do not want
to collect the total resource usage for jobs that are run in a
parallel job script that runs multiple commands. Instead, the
resource usage is overwritten when each command is executed.
.sp 2
NO_HOST_RUSAGE: Turn on this parameter if you do not want to see
host-based job resource usage details. However, \fBmbatchd\fR
will continue to report job rusage with bjobs for all running
jobs even if you configure \fBNO_HOST_RUSAGE\fR and restart all
the daemons.
.sp 2
LSB_HCLOSE_BY_RES: If res is down, host is closed with a message
.sp 2
Host is closed because RES is not available.
.br

.sp 2
The status of the closed host is closed_Adm. No new jobs are
dispatched to this host, but currently running jobs are not
suspended.
.sp 2
RESERVE_BY_STARTTIME: LSF selects the reservation that gives the
job the earliest predicted start time.
.sp 2
By default, if multiple host groups are available for
reservation, LSF chooses the largest possible reservation based
on number of slots.
.sp 2
SHORT_EVENTFILE: Compresses long host name lists when event
records are written to lsb.events and lsb.acct for large parallel
jobs. The short host string has the format:
.sp 2
number_of_hosts*real_host_name
.br

.sp 2
\fBTip: \fR
.sp 2
When SHORT_EVENTFILE is enabled, older daemons and commands
(pre-LSF Version 7) cannot recognize the lsb.acct and lsb.events
file format.
.sp 2
For example, if the original host list record is
.sp 2
6 "hostA" "hostA" "hostA" "hostA" "hostB" "hostC"
.br

.sp 2
redundant host names are removed and the short host list record
becomes
.sp 2
3 "4*hostA" "hostB" "hostC"
.br

.sp 2
When LSF_HPC_EXTENSIONS="SHORT_EVENTFILE" is set, and LSF reads
the host list from lsb.events or lsb.acct, the compressed host
list is expanded into a normal host list.
.sp 2
SHORT_EVENTFILE affects the following events and fields:
.sp 2
*  JOB_START in lsb.events when a normal job is dispatched
.sp 2
   *  numExHosts (%d)
.sp 2
   *  execHosts (%s)
.sp 2
*  JOB_CHUNK in lsb.events when a job is inserted into a job
   chunk
.sp 2
   *  numExHosts (%d)
.sp 2
   *  execHosts (%s)
.sp 2
*  JOB_FORWARD in lsb.events when a job is forwarded to a
   MultiCluster leased host
.sp 2
   *  numReserHosts (%d)
.sp 2
   *  reserHosts (%s)
.sp 2
*  JOB_FINISH record in lsb.acct
.sp 2
   *  numExHosts (%d)
.sp 2
   *  execHosts (%s)
.sp 2
SHORT_PIDLIST: Shortens the output from bjobs to omit all but the
first process ID (PID) for a job. bjobs displays only the first
ID and a count of the process group IDs (PGIDs) and process IDs
for the job.
.sp 2
Without SHORT_PIDLIST, bjobs -l displays all the PGIDs and PIDs
for the job. With SHORT_PIDLIST set, bjobs -l displays a count of
the PGIDS and PIDs.
.sp 2
TASK_MEMLIMIT: Enables enforcement of a memory limit (bsub -M,
bmod -M, or MEMLIMIT in lsb.queues) for individual tasks in a
parallel job. If any parallel task exceeds the memory limit, LSF
terminates the entire job.
.sp 2
TASK_SWAPLIMIT: Enables enforcement of a virtual memory (swap)
limit (bsub -v, bmod -v, or SWAPLIMIT in lsb.queues) for
individual tasks in a parallel job. If any parallel task exceeds
the swap limit, LSF terminates the entire job.
.SH Example JOB_START events in lsb.events:

.sp 2
For a job submitted with
.sp 2
bsub -n 64 -R "span[ptile=32]" blaunch sleep 100
.br

.sp 2
\fIWithout\fR SHORT_EVENTFILE, a JOB_START event like the
following is logged in lsb.events:
.sp 2
"JOB_START" "9.12" 1389121640 602 4 0 0 60.0 64 "HostA" 
.br
"HostA" "HostA" "HostA" "HostA" "HostA" "HostA" "HostA" "HostA" "HostA"
.br
"HostA" "HostA" "HostA" "HostA" "HostA" "HostA" "HostA" "HostA" "HostA"
.br
"HostA" "HostA" "HostA" "HostA" "HostA" "HostA" "HostA" "HostA" "HostA"
.br
"HostA" "HostA" "HostA" "HostA" "HostB" "HostB" "HostB" "HostB" "HostB"
.br
"HostB" "HostB" "HostB" "HostB" "HostB" "HostB" "HostB" "HostB" "HostB"
.br
"HostB" "HostB" "HostB" "HostB" "HostB" "HostB" "HostB" "HostB" "HostB"
.br
"HostB" "HostB" "HostB" "HostB" "HostB" "HostB" "HostB" "HostB" "HostB
.br
"" "" 0 "" 0 "" 2147483647 4 "select[type == local] order[r15s:pg]
.br
span[ptile=32] " "" -1 "" -1 0 "" -1 0
.sp 2
\fIWith\fR SHORT_EVENTFILE, a JOB_START event would be logged in
lsb.events with the number of execution hosts (numExHosts field)
changed from 64 to 2 and the execution host list (execHosts
field) shortened to \fR"32*hostA"\fR and \fR"32*hostB"\fR:
.sp 2
"JOB_START" "9.12" 1389304047 703 4 0 0 60.0 2 "32* HostA " "32* HostB " "" "" 0
.br
"" 0 "" 2147483647 4 "select[type == local] order[r15s:pg] " "" -1 "" -1 0 "" -1 0
.SH Example JOB_FINISH records in lsb.acct:

.sp 2
For a job submitted with
.sp 2
bsub -n 64 -R "span[ptile=32]" blaunch sleep 100
.sp 2
\fIWithout\fR SHORT_EVENTFILE, a JOB_FINISH event like the
following is logged in lsb.acct:
.sp 2
"JOB_FINISH" "9.12" 1389121646 602 33793 33816578 64 1389121640 0 0 
.br
1389121640 "user1" "normal" "span[ptile=32]" "" "" "HostB" 
.br
"/scratch/user1/logdir" "" "" "" "1389121640.602" 0 64 "HostA" "HostA" 
.br
"HostA" "HostA" "HostA" "HostA" "HostA" "HostA" "HostA" "HostA" "HostA" 
.br
"HostA" "HostA" "HostA" "HostA" "HostA" "HostA" "HostA" "HostA" "HostA" 
.br
"HostA" "HostA" "HostA" "HostA" "HostA" "HostA" "HostA" "HostA" "HostA" 
.br
"HostA" "HostA" "HostA" "HostB" "HostB" "HostB" "HostB" "HostB" "HostB" 
.br
"HostB" "HostB" "HostB" "HostB" "HostB" "HostB" "HostB" "HostB" "HostB" 
.br
"HostB" "HostB" "HostB" "HostB" "HostB" "HostB" "HostB" "HostB" "HostB" 
.br
"HostB" "HostB" "HostB" "HostB" "HostB" "HostB" "HostB" "HostB" 64 60.0 ""
.br
"blaunch sleep 100" 0.073956 0.252925 93560 0 -1 0 0 46526 15 0 3328 0 -1 0 0 0
.br
6773 720 -1 "" "default" 0 64 "" "" 0 0 0 "" "" "" "" 0 "" 0 "" -1 "/user1"
.br
"" "" "" -1 "" "" 4112 "" 1389121640 "" "" 0 2 HostA 0 0 0 0 0 HostB 0 0 0 0
.br
0 -1 0 0 "select[type == local] order[r15s:pg] span[ptile=32] " "" -1 "" -1 0
.br
"" 0 0 "" 6 "/scratch/user1/logdir" 0 "" 0.000000
.sp 2
\fIWith\fR SHORT_EVENTFILE, a JOB_FINISH event like the following
would be logged in lsb.acct with the number of execution hosts
(numExHosts field) changed from 64 to 2 and the execution host
list (execHosts field) shortened to \fR"32*hostA"\fR and
\fR"32*hostB"\fR:
.sp 2
"JOB_FINISH" "9.12" 1389304053 703 33793 33554434 64 1389304041 0 0  
.br
1389304047 "user1" "normal" "" "" "" "HostB" "/scratch/user1/LSF/conf"
.br
 "" "" "" "1389304041.703" 0 2 "32*HostA" "32*HostB" 64 60.0 "" 
.br
"blaunch sleep 100" 0.075956 0.292922 93612 0 -1 0 0 46466 0 0 0 0 -1 0 
.br
0 0 9224 478 -1 "" "default" 0 64 "" "" 0 0 0 "" "" "" "" 0 "" 0 "" -1 "/user1"
.br
"" "" "" -1 "" "" 4112 "" 1389304047 "" "" 0 2 HostB 0 0 0 0 0 HostA 0 0 0 
.br
0 0 -1 0 0 "select[type == local] order[r15s:pg] " "" -1 "" -1 0 "" 0 0 "" 6 
.br
"/scratch/user1/LSF/conf" 0 "" 0.000000
.SH Example bjobs -l output without SHORT_PIDLIST:

.sp 2
bjobs -l displays all the PGIDs and PIDs for the job:
.sp 2
bjobs -l
.br
Job <109>, User <user3>, Project <default>, Status <RUN>, Queue <normal>, Inte
.br
                     ractive mode, Command <./myjob.sh>
.br
Mon Jul 21 20:54:44 2009: Submitted from host <hostA>, CWD <$HOME/LSF/jobs;
.br

.br
 RUNLIMIT 
.br
 10.0 min of hostA
.br

.br
 STACKLIMIT CORELIMIT MEMLIMIT
.br
   5256 K    10000 K    5000 K
.br
Mon Jul 21 20:54:51 2009: Started on <hostA>;
.br
Mon Jul 21 20:55:03 2009: Resource usage collected.
.br
                     MEM: 2 Mbytes;  SWAP: 15 Mbytes
.br
                     PGID: 256871;  PIDs: 256871 
.br
                     PGID: 257325;  PIDs: 257325 257500 257482 257501 257523 
.br
                     257525 257531
.br
 SCHEDULING PARAMETERS:
.br
           r15s   r1m  r15m   ut      pg    io   ls    it    tmp    swp    mem
.br
 loadSched   -     -     -     -       -     -    -     -     -      -      -  
.br
 loadStop    -     -     -     -       -     -    -     -     -      -      -  
.br
                    cpuspeed    bandwidth
.br
 loadSched          -            -
.br
 loadStop           -            -
.br
<< Job <109> is done successfully. >>
.SH Example bjobs -l output with SHORT_PIDLIST:

.sp 2
bjobs -l displays a count of the PGIDS and PIDs:
.sp 2
bjobs -l
.br
Job <109>, User <user3>, Project <default>, Status <RUN>, Queue <normal>, Inte
.br
                     ractive mode, Command <./myjob.sh>
.br
Mon Jul 21 20:54:44 2009: Submitted from host <hostA>, CWD <$HOME/LSF/jobs;
.br

.br
 RUNLIMIT                
.br
 10.0 min of hostA
.br

.br
 STACKLIMIT CORELIMIT MEMLIMIT
.br
   5256 K    10000 K    5000 K
.br
Mon Jul 21 20:54:51 2009: Started on <hostA>;
.br
Mon Jul 21 20:55:03 2009: Resource usage collected.
.br
                     MEM: 2 Mbytes;  SWAP: 15 Mbytes
.br
                     PGID(s):  256871:1 PID, 257325:7 PIDs
.br

.br
 SCHEDULING PARAMETERS:
.br
           r15s   r1m  r15m   ut      pg    io   ls    it    tmp    swp    mem
.br
 loadSched   -     -     -     -       -     -    -     -     -      -      -  
.br
 loadStop    -     -     -     -       -     -    -     -     -      -      - 
.br
                    cpuspeed    bandwidth
.br
 loadSched          -            -
.br
 loadStop           -            -
.SH Default

.sp 2
Set to \fR"CUMULATIVE_RUSAGE HOST_RUSAGE LSB_HCLOSE_BY_RES
SHORT_EVENTFILE"\fR at time of installation for the PARALLEL
configuration template. If otherwise undefined, then
\fR"HOST_RUSAGE CUMULATIVE_RUSAGE"\fR.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_HPC_PJL_LOADENV_TIMEOUT\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_HPC_PJL_LOADENV_TIMEOUT=\fR\fItime_seconds\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Timeout value in seconds for PJL to load or unload the
environment. For example, set LSF_HPC_PJL_LOADENV_TIMEOUT to the
number of seconds needed for IBM POE to load or unload adapter
windows.
.sp 2
At job startup, the PJL times out if the first task fails to
register with PAM within the specified timeout value. At job
shutdown, the PJL times out if it fails to exit after the last
Taskstarter termination report within the specified timeout
value.
.SH Default

.sp 2
LSF_HPC_PJL_LOADENV_TIMEOUT=300
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_HWLOC_DYNAMIC\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Enables LSF to dynamically load the hardware locality (hwloc)
library from system library paths to detect newer hardware.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_HWLOC_DYNAMIC=y|Y|n|N \fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
This parameter allows you to use the latest version of the hwloc
integration at any time if there are no compatibility issues
between the latest versions of the hwloc library and header file
for hwloc, Version 1.11.8. If LSF fails to load the library, LSF
defaults to using the hwloc functions in the static library.
.sp 2
\fBNote: \fRWhen using an hwloc header file with a different
version of the hwloc library, there might be compatibility issues
that cause LSF binary files (such as LIM) to crash. When enabling
the dynamic load method and the library version in the system
library path is older than the header that LSF used, LSF defaults
to using functions in the static library.
.SH Default

.sp 2
\fRN\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_ID_PORT \fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_ID_PORT=\fR\fIport_number\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
The network port number used to communicate with the
authentication daemon when LSF_AUTH is set to ident.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_IMAGE_INFO_EXPIRE_INTERVAL\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Specifies the amount of time, in seconds, that the host image
information is valid in mosquitto.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_IMAGE_INFO_EXPIRE_INTERVAL=\fIseconds\fR\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
If the container image information is older than this specified
value, the image information expires.
.SH Default

.sp 2
86400 seconds (1 day)
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_IMAGE_INFO_PUBLISH_INTERVAL\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Specifies the interval, in seconds, for the lim process to fork a
new process to collect host Docker container image information.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_IMAGE_INFO_PUBLISH_INTERVAL=\fIseconds\fR\fR
.SH Valid values

.sp 2
Specify an integer between 10 and 600.
.SH Default

.sp 2
60 seconds
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_INCLUDEDIR\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_INCLUDEDIR=\fR\fIdirectory\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Directory under which the LSF API header files lsf.h and
lsbatch.h are installed.
.SH Default

.sp 2
LSF_INDEP/include
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSF_INDEP\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_INDEP\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_INDEP=\fR\fIdirectory\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Specifies the default top-level directory for all
machine-independent LSF files.
.sp 2
This includes man pages, configuration files, working
directories, and examples. For example, defining LSF_INDEP as
/usr/share/lsf/mnt places man pages in /usr/share/lsf/mnt/man,
configuration files in /usr/share/lsf/mnt/conf, and so on.
.sp 2
The files in LSF_INDEP can be shared by all machines in the
cluster.
.sp 2
As shown in the following list, LSF_INDEP is incorporated into
other LSF environment variables.
.sp 2
*  
   LSB_SHAREDIR=$LSF_INDEP/work
.sp 2
*  
   LSF_CONFDIR=$LSF_INDEP/conf
.sp 2
*  
   LSF_INCLUDEDIR=$LSF_INDEP/include
.sp 2
*  
   LSF_MANDIR=$LSF_INDEP/man
.sp 2
*  
   XLSF_APPDIR=$LSF_INDEP/misc
.SH Default

.sp 2
/usr/share/lsf/mnt
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSF_MACHDEP\fR, \fBLSB_SHAREDIR\fR, \fBLSF_CONFDIR\fR,
\fBLSF_INCLUDEDIR\fR, \fBLSF_MANDIR\fR, \fBXLSF_APPDIR\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_INTELLIGENT_CPU_BIND\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Enables LSF to bind a defined set of LSF daemons to CPUs.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_INTELLIGENT_CPU_BIND=Y|y|N|n\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
If this parameter is set to \fRY\fR or \fRy\fR, LSF automatically
detects the topology of each management host and management
candidate, binds the LSF daemons according to the automatic
binding policy, and generates a CPU binding configuration file
for that host. These configuration files are in the
\fILSF_ENVDIR\fR/cpu_binding directory and the file names are in
the format of \fIhost_name\fR.\fIcluster_name\fR and are in the
\fILSF_ENVDIR\fR/cpu_binding directory. LSF binds LSF daemons to
CPU cores according to this CPU binding configuration file.
.sp 2
If the CPU binding configuration file no longer exists for the
host, LIM automatically detects the topology of that host again
and binds the LSF daemons according to the automatic binding
policy.
.sp 2
The CPU binding configuration file specifies the CPU binding for
the following LSF daemons:
.sp 2
*  \fBMBATCHD_MAIN\fR: The main mbatchd daemon thread.
.sp 2
*  \fBMBATCHD_ESTDRV\fR: The mbatchd daemon thread for the
   simulation-based job start time estimator, if enabled.
.sp 2
*  \fBMBATCHD_CONN\fR: The mbatchd daemon thread for the long
   connection process.
.sp 2
*  \fBMBATCHD_LOG\fR: The thread that is shared between the
   switch log and the elogd daemon.
.sp 2
*  \fBLIM_MAIN\fR: The main LIM thread.
.sp 2
*  \fBLIM_UDP_THREAD\fR: LIM requests that use the UDP protocol.
.sp 2
*  \fBMBSCHD_MAIN\fR: The main mbschd daemon thread.
.sp 2
*  \fBMBSCHD_ESTIMATOR\fR: The mbschd daemon thread for the
   simulation-based job start time estimator, if enabled.
.sp 2
For the topology and CPU list on the host, run the lim -T
command.
.sp 2
If the CPU binding configuration file is changed, you must
restart the LSF daemons by running the following commands in the
following order to apply the new CPU binding settings:
.sp 2
1. bctrld restart lim
.sp 2
2. bctrld restart sbd
.sp 2
3. badmin mbdrestart
.sp 2
\fBNote: \fRCPU binding configuration files do not support
comments. LSF removes any comments in the CPU binding
configuration files after LIM restarts.
.sp 2
The \fBLSF_INTELLIGENT_CPU_BIND\fR parameter takes precedence
over other CPU binding parameters. If you enable
\fBLSF_INTELLIGENT_CPU_BIND\fR, LSF ignores the following
parameters:
.sp 2
*  \fBEGO_DAEMONS_CPUS\fR
.sp 2
*  \fBESTIMATOR_CPUS\fR
.sp 2
*  \fBLSF_DAEMONS_CPUS\fR
.sp 2
*  \fBMBD_QUERY_CPUS\fR
.sp 2
\fBNote: \fRThis parameter is ignored if the management and
management candidate hosts have fewer than eight CPU cores.
.SH Default

.sp 2
N.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_INTERACTIVE_STDERR\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_INTERACTIVE_STDERR=y\fR | \fRn\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Separates \fRstderr\fR from \fRstdout\fR for interactive tasks
and interactive batch jobs.
.sp 2
This is useful to redirect output to a file with regular
operators instead of the bsub -e \fIerr_file\fR and -o
\fIout_file\fR options.
.sp 2
This parameter can also be enabled or disabled as an environment
variable.
.sp 2
\fBCAUTION: \fR
.sp 2
If you enable this parameter globally in lsf.conf, check any
custom scripts that manipulate stderr and stdout.
.sp 2
When this parameter is not defined or set to n, the following are
written to \fRstdout\fR on the submission host for interactive
tasks and interactive batch jobs:
.sp 2
*  
   Job standard output messages
.sp 2
*  
   Job standard error messages
.sp 2
The following are written to \fRstderr\fR on the submission host
for interactive tasks and interactive batch jobs:
.sp 2
*  
   LSF messages
.sp 2
*  
   NIOS standard messages
.sp 2
*  
   NIOS debug messages (if LSF_NIOS_DEBUG=1 in lsf.conf)
.sp 2
When this parameter is set to \fRy\fR, the following are written
to \fRstdout\fR on the submission host for interactive tasks and
interactive batch jobs:
.sp 2
*  
   Job standard output messages
.sp 2
The following are written to \fRstderr\fR on the submission host:
.sp 2
*  
   Job standard error messages
.sp 2
*  
   LSF messages
.sp 2
*  
   NIOS standard messages
.sp 2
*  
   NIOS debug messages (if LSF_NIOS_DEBUG=1 in lsf.conf)
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined
.SH Notes

.sp 2
When this parameter is set, the change affects interactive tasks
and interactive batch jobs run with the following commands:
.sp 2
*  
   bsub -I
.sp 2
*  
   bsub -Ip
.sp 2
*  
   bsub -Is
.sp 2
*  
   lsrun
.sp 2
*  
   lsgrun
.sp 2
*  
   lsmake (makefile)
.sp 2
*  
   \fRbsub pam\fR (HPC features must be enabled)
.SH Limitations

.sp 2
*  
   Pseudo-terminal: Do not use this parameter if your application
   depends on \fRstderr\fR as a terminal. This is because LSF
   must use a non-pseudo-terminal connection to separate
   \fRstderr\fR from \fRstdout\fR.
.sp 2
*  
   Synchronization: Do not use this parameter if you depend on
   messages in \fRstderr\fR and \fRstdout\fR to be synchronized
   and jobs in your environment are continuously submitted. A
   continuous stream of messages causes \fRstderr\fR and
   \fRstdout\fR to not be synchronized. This can be emphasized
   with parallel jobs. This situation is similar to that of rsh.
.sp 2
*  
   NIOS standard and debug messages: NIOS standard messages, and
   debug messages (when LSF_NIOS_DEBUG=1 in lsf.conf or as an
   environment variable) are written to \fRstderr\fR. NIOS
   standard messages are in the format \fR<<message>>\fR, which
   makes it easier to remove them if you wish. To redirect NIOS
   debug messages to a file, define \fBLSF_CMD_LOGDIR\fR in
   lsf.conf or as an environment variable.
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSF_NIOS_DEBUG\fR, \fBLSF_CMD_LOGDIR\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_LD_SECURITY\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_LD_SECURITY=y\fR | \fRn\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
LSF_LD_SECURITY: When set, jobs submitted using bsub -Is or bsub
-Ip cause the environment variables LD_PRELOAD and
LD_LIBRARY_PATH to be removed from the job environment during job
initialization to ensure enhanced security against users
obtaining root privileges.
.sp 2
Two new environment variables are created (LSF_LD_LIBRARY_PATH
and LSF_LD_PRELOAD) to allow LD_PRELOAD and LD_LIBRARY_PATH to be
put back before the job runs.
.SH Default

.sp 2
N
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_LIBDIR\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_LIBDIR=\fR\fIdirectory\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Specifies the directory in which the LSF libraries are installed.
Library files are shared by all hosts of the same type.
.SH Default

.sp 2
LSF_MACHDEP/lib
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_LIC_SCHED_CLUSTER_ALIAS\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Defines an alias for a cluster name and allows LSF License
Scheduler to manage multiple clusters that share a same cluster
name.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_LIC_SCHED_CLUSTER_ALIAS="\fR\fIcluster_name_alias\fR"
.SH Description

.sp 2
LSF uses the specified alias as the cluster name when it
communicates with LSF License Scheduler. The lsf.licensescheduler
configuration file and commands, such as blstat and blinfo, refer
to the cluster by the specified alias.
.sp 2
After you change the parameter value, run the badmin mbdrestart
command to make your changes take effect.
.sp 2
\fBNote: \fRThe \fBLSF_LIC_SCHED_CLUSTER_ALIAS\fR parameter is
not supported in clusters with the LSF/XL feature enabled.
.sp 2
Use the badmin showconf mbd command to see the setting of the
\fBLSF_LIC_SCHED_CLUSTER_ALIAS\fR parameter.
.SH Valid values

.sp 2
Valid values are strings with characters that are either
alphanumeric characters, underscores (\fR_\fR), or hyphens
(\fR-\fR). The length of this string cannot exceed 40 characters.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_LIC_SCHED_HOSTS\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_LIC_SCHED_HOSTS="\fR\fIcandidate_host_list\fR\fR"\fR
.sp 2
\fIcandidate_host_list\fR is a space-separated list of hosts that
are candidate License Scheduler hosts.
.SH Description

.sp 2
The candidate License Scheduler host list is read by LIM on each
host to check if the host is a candidate License Scheduler
management host. If the host is on the list, LIM starts the
License Scheduler daemon (bld) on the host.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_LIC_SCHED_PREEMPT_REQUEUE\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Set this parameter to requeue a job whose license is preempted by
IBM Spectrum LSF License Scheduler. The job is killed and
requeued instead of suspended.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_LIC_SCHED_PREEMPT_REQUEUE=y\fR | \fRn\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
If you set the \fBLSF_LIC_SCHED_PREEMPT_REQUEUE\fR parameter, do
not set the \fBLSF_LIC_SCHED_PREEMPT_SLOT_RELEASE\fR parameter.
If both parameters are set, the
\fBLSF_LIC_SCHED_PREEMPT_SLOT_RELEASE\fR parameter is ignored.
.SH Default

.sp 2
N
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSF_LIC_SCHED_PREEMPT_SLOT_RELEASE\fR,
\fBLSF_LIC_SCHED_PREEMPT_STOP\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_LIC_SCHED_PREEMPT_SLOT_RELEASE\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_LIC_SCHED_PREEMPT_SLOT_RELEASE=y\fR | \fRn\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Set this parameter to release the resources of a LSF License
Scheduler job that is suspended. These resources are only
available to pending LSF License Scheduler jobs that request at
least one license that is the same as the suspended job.
.sp 2
If the suspended LSF License Scheduler job is an exclusive job
(-x), the suspended job\(aqs resources are not released and pending
LSF License Scheduler jobs cannot use these resources. A pending
exclusive LSF License Scheduler job can also be blocked from
starting on a host by a suspended LSF License Scheduler job, even
when the jobs share licenses or exclusive preemption is enabled.
.sp 2
Jobs attached to a service class are not normally preemptable
with queue-based preemption, except by jobs in queues with
\fRSLA_GUARANTEES_IGNORE=Y\fR specified (in lsb.queues). However,
LSF License Scheduler can preempt jobs with service classes for
licenses.
.sp 2
By default, the job slots are the only resources available after
a job is suspended. You can also specify that memory resources
are available by enabling preemption for memory resources. To
enable memory resource preemption, specify
\fRPREEMPTABLE_RESOURCES = mem\fR in lsb.params.
.sp 2
By default, the job slots are the only resources available after
a job is suspended. You can also specify that memory or affinity
resources are available by enabling preemption for these
resources:
.sp 2
*  To enable memory resource preemption, specify
   \fRPREEMPTABLE_RESOURCES = mem\fR in lsb.params.
.sp 2
*  To enable affinity resource preemption, specify
   \fRPREEMPT_JOBTYPE = AFFINITY\fR in lsb.params.
.sp 2
If you set LSF_LIC_SCHED_PREEMPT_SLOT_RELEASE, do not set
LSF_LIC_SCHED_PREEMPT_REQUEUE. If both these parameters are set,
LSF_LIC_SCHED_PREEMPT_SLOT_RELEASE is ignored.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Y
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSF_LIC_SCHED_PREEMPT_REQUEUE\fR,
\fBLSF_LIC_SCHED_PREEMPT_STOP\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_LIC_SCHED_PREEMPT_STOP\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_LIC_SCHED_PREEMPT_STOP=y\fR | \fRn\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Set this parameter to use job controls to stop a job that is
preempted. When this parameter is set, a UNIX SIGSTOP signal is
sent to suspend a job instead of a UNIX SIGTSTP.
.sp 2
To send a SIGSTOP signal instead of SIGTSTP, the following
parameter in lsb.queues must also be set:
.sp 2
JOB_CONTROLS=SUSPEND[SIGSTOP]
.br

.SH Default

.sp 2
N
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSF_LIC_SCHED_PREEMPT_SLOT_RELEASE\fR,
\fBLSF_LIC_SCHED_PREEMPT_REQUEUE\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_LIC_SCHED_STRICT_PROJECT_NAME\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_LIC_SCHED_STRICT_PROJECT_NAME=y\fR | \fRn\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Enforces strict checking of the License Scheduler project name
upon job submission or job modification (bsub or bmod). If the
project named is misspelled (case sensitivity applies), the job
is rejected.
.sp 2
If this parameter is not set or it is set to n, and if there is
an error in the project name, the default project is used.
.SH Default

.sp 2
N
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_LIM_API_NTRIES\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_LIM_API_NTRIES=\fR\fIinteger\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Defines the number of times LSF commands will try to communicate
with the LIM API when LIM is not available. LSF_LIM_API_NTRIES is
ignored by LSF and EGO daemons and EGO commands. The
LSF_LIM_API_NTRIES environment variable. overrides the value of
LSF_LIM_API_NTRIES in lsf.conf.
.SH Valid values

.sp 2
1 to 65535
.SH Default

.sp 2
1. LIM API exits without retrying.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_LIM_DEBUG\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_LIM_DEBUG=1\fR | \fR2\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Sets LSF to debug mode.
.sp 2
If LSF_LIM_DEBUG is defined, LIM operates in single user mode. No
security checking is performed, so LIM should not run as root.
.sp 2
LIM does not look in the services database for the LIM service
port number. Instead, it uses port number 36000 unless
LSF_LIM_PORT has been defined.
.sp 2
Specify 1 for this parameter unless you are testing LSF.
.SH Valid values

.sp 2
LSF_LIM_DEBUG=1
.sp 2
LIM runs in the background with no associated control terminal.
.sp 2
LSF_LIM_DEBUG=2
.sp 2
LIM runs in the foreground and prints error messages to
\fRtty\fR.
.SH EGO parameter

.sp 2
EGO_LIM_DEBUG
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSF_RES_DEBUG\fR, \fBLSF_CMD_LOGDIR\fR,
\fBLSF_CMD_LOG_MASK\fR, \fBLSF_LOG_MASK\fR, \fBLSF_LOGDIR\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_LIM_IGNORE_CHECKSUM\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_LIM_IGNORE_CHECKSUM=y\fR | \fRY\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Configure LSF_LIM_IGNORE_CHECKSUM=Y to ignore warning messages
logged to lim log files on non-management hosts.
.sp 2
When LSF_MASTER_LIST is set, lsadmin reconfig only restarts
management candidate hosts (for example, after adding or removing
hosts from the cluster). This can cause superfluous warning
messages like the following to be logged in the lim log files for
non-management hosts because lim on these hosts are not restarted
after configuration change:
.sp 2
Aug 26 13:47:35 2006 9746 4 10.1 xdr_loadvector: 
.br
Sender <10.225.36.46:9999> has a different configuration
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined.
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSF_MASTER_LIST\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_LIM_PORT, LSF_RES_PORT, LSB_MBD_PORT, LSB_SBD_PORT \fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_LIM_PORT=\fR\fIport_number\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
TCP service ports to use for communication with the LSF daemons.
.sp 2
If port parameters are not defined, LSF obtains the port numbers
by looking up the LSF service names in the /etc/services file or
the NIS (UNIX). If it is not possible to modify the services
database, you can define these port parameters to set the port
numbers.
.SH EGO parameter

.sp 2
EGO_LIM_PORT
.SH Default

.sp 2
On UNIX, the default is to get port numbers from the services
database.
.sp 2
On Windows, these parameters are mandatory.
.sp 2
Default port number values are:
.sp 2
*  
   LSF_LIM_PORT=7869
.sp 2
*  
   LSF_RES_PORT=6878
.sp 2
*  
   LSB_MBD_PORT=6881
.sp 2
*  
   LSB_SBD_PORT=6882
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_LIM_STARTUP_RETRY_INTERVAL\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_LIM_STARTUP_RETRY_INTERVAL\fR=\fIseconds\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
If lim failed to initialize the socket, this parameter specifies
the amount of time before lim tries again (if
LSF_LIM_STARTUP_RETRY_TIMES is specified).
.SH Valid values

.sp 2
1 - INFINIT_INT
.sp 2
INFINIT_INT is defined in lsf.h.
.SH Default

.sp 2
If \fBLSF_LIM_STARTUP_RETRY_TIMES\fR is defined, the default
value is 5.Otherwise, not defined.
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSF_LIM_STARTUP_RETRY_TIMES\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_LIM_STARTUP_RETRY_TIMES\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_LIM_STARTUP_RETRY_TIMES\fR=\fIinteger\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
The maximum number of times for lim to repeat attempts to
initialize a socket if the first attempt failed.
.SH Valid values

.sp 2
0 - INFINIT_INT
.sp 2
INFINIT_INT is defined in lsf.h.
.SH Default

.sp 2
2
.sp 2
lim will re-attempt to initialize a socket up to two additional
times if the first attempt failed.
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSF_LIM_STARTUP_RETRY_INTERVAL\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_LINUX_CGROUP_ACCT\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_LINUX_CGROUP_ACCT=\fR\fRY|y|N|n\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Enable this parameter to track processes based on CPU and memory
accounting for Linux systems that support cgroup\(aqs memory and
cpuacct subsystems. Once enabled, this parameter takes effect for
new jobs. When this parameter and \fBLSF_PROCESS_TRACKING\fR are
enabled, they take precedence over parameters
\fBLSF_PIM_LINUX_ENHANCE\fR and \fBEGO_PIM_SWAP_REPORT\fR.
.sp 2
Different LSF hosts in the cluster can use different versions of
cgroup as long as each individual LSF host is only running one
version of cgroup. If you have both versions of cgroup enabled in
a host, you must disable one of the versions. For example, hostA
can use cgroup v1 and hostB can use cgroup v2 as long as each
host is only running one version of cgroup.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Set to \fRY\fR at time of installation. If otherwise undefined,
then \fRN\fR.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_LIVE_CONFDIR\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
LSF_LIVE_CONFDIR=directory
.SH Description

.sp 2
Enables and disables live reconfiguration (bconf command) and
sets the directory where configuration files changed by live
reconfiguration are saved. bconf requests will be rejected if the
directory does not exist and cannot be created, or is specified
using a relative path.
.sp 2
When \fBLSF_LIVE_CONFDIR\fR is defined and contains configuration
files, all LSF restart and reconfiguration reads these
configuration files instead of the files in \fRLSF_CONFDIR\fR.
.sp 2
After adding or changing LSF_LIVE_CONFDIR in lsf.conf, use badmin
mbdrestart and lsadmin reconfig to reconfigure your cluster.
.sp 2
\fBImportant: \fR
.sp 2
Remove \fBLSF_LIVE_CONFDIR\fR configuration files or merge files
into \fBLSF_CONFDIR\fR before disabling bconf, upgrading LSF,
applying patches to LSF, or adding server hosts.
.sp 2
See bconf in the LSF Command Reference or bconf man page for
bconf (live reconfiguration) details.
.SH Default

.sp 2
During installation, \fBLSF_LIVE_CONFDIR\fR is set to
\fBLSB_SHAREDIR\fR/\fIcluster_name\fR/live_confdir where
\fIcluster_name\fR is the name of the LSF cluster, as returned by
lsid.
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSF_CONFDIR\fR, \fBLSB_CONFDIR\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_LOAD_USER_PROFILE\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
LSF_LOAD_USER_PROFILE=local | roaming
.SH Description

.sp 2
When running jobs on Windows hosts, you can specify whether a
user profile should be loaded. Use this parameter if you have
jobs that need to access user-specific resources associated with
a user profile.
.sp 2
Local and roaming user profiles are Windows features. For more
information about them, check Microsoft documentation.
.sp 2
*  
   Local: LSF loads the Windows user profile from the local
   execution machine (the host on which the job runs).
.sp 2
   \fBNote: \fR
.sp 2
   If the user has logged onto the machine before, the profile of
   that user is used. If not, the profile for the default user is
   used
.sp 2
*  
   Roaming: LSF loads a roaming user profile if it has been set
   up. If not, the local user profile is loaded instead.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined. No user profiles are loaded when jobs run on Windows
hosts.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_LOCAL_RESOURCES\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_LOCAL_RESOURCES="\fR\fIresource\fR ...\fR"\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Defines instances of local resources residing on the server host.
.sp 2
*  
   For numeric resources, defined name-value pairs:
.sp 2
   "[resourcemap value*resource_name]"
.br

.sp 2
*  
   For Boolean resources, the value is the resource name in the
   form:
.sp 2
   "[resource resource_name]"
.br

.sp 2
When the server host calls the management host to add itself, it
also reports its local resources. The local resources to be added
must be defined in lsf.shared. \fRDefault\fR indicates an
instance of a resource on each host in the cluster. This
specifies a special case where the resource is in effect not
shared and is local to every host. \fRDefault\fR means at each
host. Normally, you should not need to use \fRdefault\fR, because
by default, all built-in resources are local to each host.
However, resources that you defined must always be mapped. You
might want to use \fIResourceMap\fR for a non-shared static
resource if you need to specify different values for the resource
on different hosts.
.sp 2
If the same resource is already defined in lsf.shared as default
or all, it cannot be added as a local resource. The shared
resource overrides the local one.
.sp 2
\fBTip: \fR
.sp 2
LSF_LOCAL_RESOURCES is usually set in the server.config file
during installation. If LSF_LOCAL_RESOURCES are already defined
in a local lsf.conf on the server host, lsfinstall \fIdoes not\fR
add resources you define in LSF_LOCAL_RESOURCES in server.config.
You should not have duplicate LSF_LOCAL_RESOURCES entries in
lsf.conf. If local resources are defined more than once, only the
last definition is valid.
.sp 2
\fBImportant: \fR
.sp 2
Resources must already be mapped to hosts in the ResourceMap
section of lsf.cluster.\fIcluster_name\fR. If the ResourceMap
section does not exist, local resources are not added.
.SH Example

.sp 2
LSF_LOCAL_RESOURCES="[resourcemap 1*verilog] [resource linux] [resource !bigmem]"
.br

.sp 2
Prefix the resource name with an exclamation mark (!) to indicate
that the resource is exclusive to the host.
.SH EGO parameter

.sp 2
EGO_LOCAL_RESOURCES
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_LOG_MASK\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_LOG_MASK=\fR\fImessage_log_level\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Specifies the logging level of error messages for LSF daemons,
except LIM, which is controlled by EGO.
.sp 2
For mbatchd and mbschd, LSF_LOG_MASK_MBD and LSF_LOG_MASK_SCH
override LSF_LOG_MASK .
.sp 2
For example:
.sp 2
LSF_LOG_MASK=LOG_DEBUG
.br

.sp 2
If EGO is enabled in the LSF cluster, and EGO_LOG_MASK is not
defined, LSF uses the value of LSF_LOG_MASK for LIM, PIM, and
MELIM. EGO vemkd and pem components continue to use the EGO
default values. If EGO_LOG_MASK is defined, and EGO is enabled,
then EGO value is taken.
.sp 2
To specify the logging level of error messages for LSF commands,
use LSF_CMD_LOG_MASK. To specify the logging level of error
messages for LSF batch commands, use LSB_CMD_LOG_MASK.
.sp 2
On UNIX, this is similar to syslog. All messages logged at the
specified level or higher are recorded; lower level messages are
discarded. The LSF_LOG_MASK value can be any log priority symbol
that is defined in syslog.h (see syslog).
.sp 2
The log levels in order from highest to lowest are:
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_EMERG
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_ALERT
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_CRIT
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_ERR
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_WARNING
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_NOTICE
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_INFO
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_DEBUG
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_DEBUG1
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_DEBUG2
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_DEBUG3
.sp 2
The most important LSF log messages are at the LOG_ERR or
LOG_WARNING level. Messages at the LOG_INFO and LOG_DEBUG level
are only useful for debugging.
.sp 2
Although message log level implements similar functionality to
UNIX syslog, there is no dependency on UNIX syslog. It works even
if messages are being logged to files instead of syslog.
.sp 2
LSF logs error messages in different levels so that you can
choose to log all messages, or only log messages that are deemed
critical. The level specified by LSF_LOG_MASK determines which
messages are recorded and which are discarded. All messages
logged at the specified level or higher are recorded, while lower
level messages are discarded.
.sp 2
For debugging purposes, the level LOG_DEBUG contains the fewest
number of debugging messages and is used for basic debugging. The
level LOG_DEBUG3 records all debugging messages, and can cause
log files to grow very large; it is not often used. Most
debugging is done at the level LOG_DEBUG2.
.sp 2
In versions earlier than LSF 4.0, you needed to restart the
daemons after setting LSF_LOG_MASK in order for your changes to
take effect.
.sp 2
LSF 4.0 implements dynamic debugging, which means you do not need
to restart the daemons after setting a debugging environment
variable.
.SH EGO parameter

.sp 2
EGO_LOG_MASK
.SH Default

.sp 2
LOG_WARNING
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSB_CMD_LOG_MASK\fR, \fBLSB_CMD_LOGDIR\fR, \fBLSB_DEBUG\fR,
\fBLSB_DEBUG_CMD\fR, \fBLSB_DEBUG_NQS\fR, \fBLSB_TIME_CMD\fR,
\fBLSF_CMD_LOGDIR\fR, \fBLSF_CMD_LOG_MASK\fR,
\fBLSF_DEBUG_LIM\fR, \fBLSB_DEBUG_MBD\fR, \fBLSF_DEBUG_RES\fR,
\fBLSB_DEBUG_SBD\fR, \fBLSB_DEBUG_SCH\fR, \fBLSF_LOG_MASK\fR,
\fBLSF_LOGDIR\fR, \fBLSF_TIME_CMD\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_LOG_MASK_LIM\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_LOG_MASK_LIM=\fR\fImessage_log_level\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Specifies the logging level of error messages for LSF LIM only.
This value overrides LSF_LOG_MASK for LIM only.
.sp 2
For example:
.sp 2
LSF_LOG_MASK_LIM=LOG_DEBUG
.br

.sp 2
The valid log levels for this parameter are:
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_ERR
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_WARNING
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_NOTICE
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_INFO
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_DEBUG
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_DEBUG1
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_DEBUG2
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_DEBUG3
.sp 2
Run bctrld restart lim to make changes take effect.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined (logging level is controlled by LSF_LOG_MASK).
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_LOG_MASK_RES\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_LOG_MASK_RES=\fR\fImessage_log_level\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Specifies the logging level of error messages for LSF RES only.
This value overrides LSF_LOG_MASK for RES only.
.sp 2
For example:
.sp 2
LSF_LOG_MASK_RES=LOG_DEBUG
.br

.sp 2
The valid log levels for this parameter are:
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_ERR
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_WARNING
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_NOTICE
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_INFO
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_DEBUG
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_DEBUG1
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_DEBUG2
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_DEBUG3
.sp 2
Run lsadmin resrestart to make changes take effect.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined (logging level is controlled by LSF_LOG_MASK).
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_LOG_MASK_WIN\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_LOG_MASK_WIN=\fR\fImessage_log_level\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Allows you to reduce the information logged to the LSF Windows
event log files. Messages of lower severity than the specified
level are discarded.
.sp 2
For all LSF files, the types of messages saved depends on
LSF_LOG_MASK, so the threshold for the Windows event logs is
either LSF_LOG_MASK or LSF_LOG_MASK_WIN, whichever is higher.
LSF_LOG_MASK_WIN is ignored if LSF_LOG_MASK is set to a higher
level.
.sp 2
The LSF event log files for Windows are:
.sp 2
*  
   lim.log.\fIhost_name\fR
.sp 2
*  
   res.log.\fIhost_name\fR
.sp 2
*  
   sbatchd.log.\fIhost_name\fR
.sp 2
*  
   mbatchd.log.\fIhost_name\fR
.sp 2
*  
   pim.log.\fIhost_name\fR
.sp 2
The log levels you can specify for this parameter, in order from
highest to lowest, are:
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_ERR
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_WARNING
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_INFO
.sp 2
*  
   LOG_NONE (LSF does not log Windows events)
.SH Default

.sp 2
\fBLOG_ERR\fR
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSF_LOG_MASK\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_LOG_QUEUE_SIZE\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Specifies the maximum number of entries in the logging queue that
the mbatchd and mbschd logging threads use.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_LOG_QUEUE_SIZE=\fIinteger\fR\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
The logging queue contains the messages to be written to the log
files. After the number of entries in the logging queue reaches
this number, the logging queue is full. When the logging queue is
full, \fBLSF_DISCARD_LOG\fR specifies the behavior of the logging
thread.
.sp 2
To temporarily change the size of the mbatchd logging queue, run
badmin mbddebug... -s \fIlog_queue_size\fR.
.sp 2
To temporarily change the size of the mbschd logging queue, run
badmin schddebug... -s \fIlog_queue_size\fR.
.sp 2
This parameter is ignored if \fBLSF_LOG_THREAD\fR is set to
\fRN\fR.
.SH Valid values

.sp 2
100 to 500000
.SH Default

.sp 2
10000
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSF_LOG_THREAD\fR to enable logging threads.
.sp 2
\fBLSF_DISCARD_LOG\fR to specify the behavior of the logging
thread if the logging queue is full.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_LOG_THREAD\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_LOG_THREAD=Y\fR | \fRN\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Enables mbatchd and mbschd to create dedicated threads to write
messages to the log files.
.sp 2
This parameter is enabled by default to reduce the impact of
logging messages on the performance of the mbatchd and mbschd
daemons.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Y.
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSF_LOG_QUEUE_SIZE\fR to configure the maximum number of
entries in the logging queue that the logging thread uses before
the logging queue is full.
.sp 2
\fBLSF_DISCARD_LOG\fR to specify the behavior of the logging
thread if the logging queue is full.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_LOGDIR\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_LOGDIR=\fR\fIdirectory\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Defines the LSF system log file directory. Error messages from
all servers are logged into files in this directory. To
effectively use debugging, set LSF_LOGDIR to a directory such as
/tmp. This can be done in your own environment from the shell or
in lsf.conf.
.SH Windows

.sp 2
LSF_LOGDIR is required on Windows if you wish to enable logging.
.sp 2
You must also define LSF_LOGDIR_USE_WIN_REG=n.
.sp 2
If you define LSF_LOGDIR without defining
LSF_LOGDIR_USE_WIN_REG=n, LSF logs error messages into files in
the default local directory specified in one of the following
Windows registry keys:
.sp 2
*  
   On Windows 2000, Windows XP, and Windows 2003:
.sp 2
   HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\IBM Platform\LSF\LSF_LOGDIR
.br

.sp 2
*  
   On Windows XP x64 and Windows 2003 x64:
.sp 2
   HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\Wow6432Node\IBM Platform\LSF\LSF_LOGDIR 
.br

.sp 2
If a server is unable to write in the LSF system log file
directory, LSF attempts to write to the following directories in
the following order:
.sp 2
*  
   LSF_TMPDIR if defined
.sp 2
*  
   \fR%TMP%\fR if defined
.sp 2
*  
   \fR%TEMP%\fR if defined
.sp 2
*  
   System directory, for example, c:\winnt
.SH UNIX

.sp 2
If a server is unable to write in this directory, the error logs
are created in /tmp on UNIX.
.sp 2
If LSF_LOGDIR is not defined, syslog is used to log everything to
the system log using the LOG_DAEMON facility. The syslog facility
is available by default on most UNIX systems. The
/etc/syslog.conf file controls the way messages are logged and
the files they are logged to. See the man pages for the syslogd
daemon and the syslog function for more information.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined. On UNIX, log messages go to syslog. On Windows, no
logging is performed.
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSB_CMD_LOG_MASK\fR, \fBLSB_CMD_LOGDIR\fR, \fBLSB_DEBUG\fR,
\fBLSB_DEBUG_CMD\fR, \fBLSB_TIME_CMD\fR, \fBLSF_CMD_LOGDIR\fR,
\fBLSF_CMD_LOG_MASK\fR, \fBLSF_LOG_MASK\fR,
\fBLSF_LOGDIR_USE_WIN_REG\fR, \fBLSF_TIME_CMD\fR
.SH Files

.sp 2
*  
   lim.log.\fIhost_name\fR
.sp 2
*  
   res.log.\fIhost_name\fR
.sp 2
*  
   sbatchd.log.\fIhost_name\fR
.sp 2
*  
   \fRsbatchdc.log.host_name\fR\fI\fR(when LSF_DAEMON_WRAP=Y)
.sp 2
*  
   mbatchd.log.\fIhost_name\fR
.sp 2
*  
   eeventd.log.\fIhost_name\fR
.sp 2
*  
   pim.log.\fIhost_name\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_LOGDIR_USE_WIN_REG\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_LOGDIR_USE_WIN_REG=n\fR | \fRN\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Windows only.
.sp 2
If set, LSF logs error messages into files in the directory
specified by LSF_LOGDIR in lsf.conf.
.sp 2
Use this parameter to enable LSF to save log files in a different
location from the default local directory specified in the
Windows registry.
.sp 2
If not set, or if set to any value other than N or n, LSF logs
error messages into files in the default local directory
specified in one of the following Windows registry keys:
.sp 2
*  
   On Windows 2000, Windows XP, and Windows 2003:
.sp 2
   HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\IBM Platform\LSF\LSF_LOGDIR
.br

.sp 2
*  
   On Windows XP x64 and Windows 2003 x64:
.sp 2
   HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\Wow6432Node\IBM Platform\LSF\LSF_LOGDIR 
.br

.SH Default

.sp 2
Not set.
.sp 2
LSF uses the default local directory specified in the Windows
registry.
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSF_LOGDIR\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_LOGFILE_OWNER\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_LOGFILE_OWNER="\fR\fIuser_name\fR\fR"\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Specifies an owner for the LSF log files other than the default,
the owner of lsf.conf. To specify a Windows user account, include
the domain name in uppercase letters
(\fIDOMAIN_NAME\fR\\fIuser_name\fR).
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not set. The LSF Administrator with root privileges is the owner
of LSF log files.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_LSHOSTS_FORMAT\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_LSHOSTS_FORMAT="\fIfield_name\fR\fR[\fR:\fR[\fR-\fR][\fR\fIoutput_width\fR\fR][\fR:\fIunit\fR\fR]]
 ... [\fRdelimiter=\(aq\fIcharacter\fR\(aq\fR]\fR"\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Sets the customized output format for the lshosts command.
.sp 2
*  Specify which lshosts fields (or aliases instead of the full
   field names), in which order, and with what width to display.
.sp 2
*  Specify only the lshosts field name or alias to set its output
   to unlimited width and left justification.
.sp 2
*  Specify the colon (\fR:\fR) without a width to set the output
   width to the recommended width for that field.
.sp 2
*  Specify the colon (\fR:\fR) with a width to set the maximum
   number of characters to display for the field. When its value
   exceeds this width, lshosts truncates the ending characters.
.sp 2
*  Specify a hyphen (\fR-\fR) to set right justification when
   lshosts displays the output for the specific field. If not
   specified, the default is to set left justification when
   lshosts displays the output for a field.
.sp 2
*  Specify the unit colon (\fR:\fR) with a unit to set the unit
   for the output of the specific field:
.sp 2
   *  Specify \fRS\fR to use a built-in conversion for space or
      capacity, such as memory or disk space. Values are
      automatically scaled for M (MB), G (GB), and T (TB), where
      the default unit is M (MB).
.sp 2
      For example, when displaying the \fBmem\fR field with a
      specified width of 3,
.sp 2
      *  For a value of 30, running the lshosts -o "maxmem:3:S"
         command shows \fR30.0M\fR.
.sp 2
      *  For a value of 4096, running the lshosts -o "maxswp:3:S"
         command shows \fR4.0G\fR.
.sp 2
      *  For a value of 5000000, running the lshosts -o
         "maxtmp:3:S" command shows \fR4.8T\fR.
.sp 2
   *  Specify \fRD\fR to use a built-in conversion for duration
      or time, such as memory or disk space. Values are
      automatically scaled for s (seconds), m (minutes), h
      (hours), and d (days), where the default unit is s
      (seconds). The automatically scaled value is rounded up
      after the first decimal point.
.sp 2
      For example, when displaying the external \fBmytime\fR
      resource field with a specified width of 5,
.sp 2
      *  For a value of 30, running the lshosts -o "mytime:5:D"
         command shows \fR30.0s\fR.
.sp 2
      *  For a value of 8000, running the lshosts -o "mytime:5:D"
         command shows \fR2.2h\fR.
.sp 2
      *  For a value of 5000000, running the lshosts -o
         "mytime:5:D" command shows \fR57.8d\fR.
.sp 2
   *  Specify any other string of 1 - 3 characters and the
      characters are used as is in the field value. The first
      character must be a letter (upper or lower case). The
      second and third characters must be an alphanumeric
      character.
.sp 2
      For example, when displaying the external \fRgpu_temp\fR
      resource with a width of 3, running the lshosts -o
      "gpu_temp:3:C" command for a value of 30 shows \fR30C\fR
.sp 2
*  Use \fRdelimiter=\fR to set the delimiting character to
   display between different headers and fields. This delimiter
   must be a single character. By default, the delimiter is a
   space.
.sp 2
Output customization applies only to the output for certain
lshosts options:
.sp 2
*  \fBLSF_LSHOSTS_FORMAT\fR and lshosts -o both apply to output
   for the lshosts command with no options, and for lshosts
   options with output that filter information, including the
   following options: -a, -cname.
.sp 2
*  \fBLSF_LSHOSTS_FORMAT\fR and lshosts -o do not apply to output
   for other lshosts options that use a modified format,
   including the following options: -l, -w.
.sp 2
The lshosts -o option overrides the \fBLSF_LSHOSTS_FORMAT\fR
environment variable, which overrides the
\fBLSF_LSHOSTS_FORMAT\fR setting in lsf.conf.
.SH Valid values

.sp 2
The following are the field names used to specify the lshosts
fields to display, recommended width, aliases you can use instead
of field names, and units of measurement for the displayed field:
.sp 2
\fBTable 1. Output fields for lshosts\fR
.sp 2
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| Field name             | Widt | Aliases    | Unit            |
|                        | h    |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| HOST_NAME              | 20   | hname      |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| type                   | 10   |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| model                  | 10   |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| cpuf                   | 10   |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| max                    | 10   |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| ncpus                  | 8    |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| maxmem                 | 10   |            | LSF_UNIT_FOR_LI |
|                        |      |            | MITS in         |
|                        |      |            | lsf.conf (KB by |
|                        |      |            | default)        |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| maxswp                 | 10   |            | LSF_UNIT_FOR_LI |
|                        |      |            | MITS in         |
|                        |      |            | lsf.conf (KB by |
|                        |      |            | default)        |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| server                 | 10   |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| RESOURCES              | 20   | res        |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| ndisks                 | 8    |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| maxtmp                 | 10   |            | LSF_UNIT_FOR_LI |
|                        |      |            | MITS in         |
|                        |      |            | lsf.conf (KB by |
|                        |      |            | default)        |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| rexpri                 | 10   |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| nprocs                 | 8    |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| ncores                 | 8    |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| nthreads               | 10   |            |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
| RUN_WINDOWS            | 20   | runwin     |                 |
+------------------------+------+------------+-----------------+
.sp 2
Field names and aliases are case-sensitive. Valid values for the
output width are any positive integer 1 - 4096.
.SH Example

.sp 2
LSF_LSHOSTS_FORMAT="HOST_NAME type: RESOURCES:- RUN_WINDOWS:-16 delimiter=\(aq^\(aq"
.br

.sp 2
Running lshosts displays the following fields:
.sp 2
*  \fRHOST_NAME\fR with unlimited width and left-aligned.
.sp 2
*  \fRtype\fR with a maximum width of 10 characters (which is the
   recommended width) and left-aligned.
.sp 2
*  \fRRESOURCES\fR with a maximum width of 20 characters (which
   is the recommended width) and right-aligned.
.sp 2
*  \fRRUN_WINDOWS\fR with a maximum width of 16 characters and
   right-aligned.
.sp 2
*  The \fR^\fR character is displayed between different headers
   and fields.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined. The current lshosts output is used.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_LSLOAD_FORMAT\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_LSLOAD_FORMAT="\fIfield_name\fR\fR[\fR:\fR[\fR-\fR][\fR\fIoutput_width\fR\fR]][\fR:\fIunit\fR\fR]]
 ... [\fRdelimiter=\(aq\fIcharacter\fR\(aq\fR]\fR"\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Sets the customized output format for the lsload command.
.sp 2
*  Specify which lsload fields, in which order, and with what
   width to display.
.sp 2
*  Specify the asterisk wildcard character (*) in the field name
   to specify multiple external resource names. You can only
   specify one asterisk, but this asterisk can be at any position
   in the field name.
.sp 2
   For example, running lsload -o "gpu_mode*" shows fields such
   as \fRgpu_mode0\fR, \fRgpu_mode1\fR, \fRgpu_mode2\fR,
   \fRgpu_model0\fR, \fRgpu_model1\fR, and \fRgpu_model2\fR.
.sp 2
*  Specify only the lsload field name to set its output to
   unlimited width and left justification.
.sp 2
*  Specify the width colon (\fR:\fR) without a width to set the
   output width to the recommended width for that field.
.sp 2
*  Specify the width colon (\fR:\fR) with a width to set the
   maximum number of characters to display for the field. When
   its value exceeds this width, lsload truncates the ending
   characters.
.sp 2
*  Specify a hyphen (\fR-\fR) to set right justification when
   lsload displays the output for the specific field. If not
   specified, the default is to set left justification when
   lsload displays the output for a field.
.sp 2
*  Specify the unit colon (\fR:\fR) with a unit to set the unit
   for the output of the specific field:
.sp 2
   *  Specify \fRS\fR to use a built-in conversion for space or
      capacity, such as memory or disk space. Values are
      automatically scaled for M (MB), G (GB), and T (TB), where
      the default unit is M (MB).
.sp 2
      For example, when displaying the \fBmem\fR field with a
      specified width of 3,
.sp 2
      *  For a value of 30, running the lsload -o "mem:3:S"
         command shows \fR30.0M\fR.
.sp 2
      *  For a value of 4096, running the lsload -o "mem:3:S"
         command shows \fR4.0G\fR.
.sp 2
      *  For a value of 5000000, running the lsload -o "mem:3:S"
         command shows \fR4.8T\fR.
.sp 2
   *  Specify \fRD\fR to use a built-in conversion for duration
      or time, such as memory or disk space. Values are
      automatically scaled for s (seconds), m (minutes), h
      (hours), and d (days), where the default unit is s
      (seconds). The automatically scaled value is rounded up
      after the first decimal point.
.sp 2
      For example, when displaying the external \fBmytime\fR
      resource field with a specified width of 5,
.sp 2
      *  For a value of 30, running the lsload -o "mytime:5:D"
         command shows \fR30.0s\fR.
.sp 2
      *  For a value of 8000, running the lsload -o "mytime:5:D"
         command shows \fR2.2h\fR.
.sp 2
      *  For a value of 5000000, running the lsload -o
         "mytime:5:D" command shows \fR57.8d\fR.
.sp 2
   *  Specify any other string of 1 - 3 characters and the
      characters are used as is in the field value. The first
      character must be a letter (upper or lower case). The
      second and third characters must be an alphanumeric
      character.
.sp 2
      For example, when displaying the external \fRgpu_temp\fR
      resource with a width of 3, running the lsload -o
      "gpu_temp:3:C" command for a value of 30 shows \fR30C\fR
.sp 2
*  Use \fRdelimiter=\fR to set the delimiting character to
   display between different headers and fields. This delimiter
   must be a single character. By default, the delimiter is a
   space.
.sp 2
Output customization applies only to the output for certain
lsload options:
.sp 2
*  \fBLSF_LSLOAD_FORMAT\fR and lsload -o both apply to output for
   the lsload command with no options, and for lsload options
   with short form output that filter information, including the
   following options: -a, -E, -cname, -N, -n, -R.
.sp 2
*  \fBLSF_LSLOAD_FORMAT\fR and lsload -o do not apply to output
   for lsload options that use a modified format, including the
   following options: -I, -l, -w, -s.
.sp 2
The lsload -o option overrides the \fBLSF_LSLOAD_FORMAT\fR
environment variable, which overrides the \fBLSF_LSLOAD_FORMAT\fR
setting in lsf.conf.
.SH Valid values

.sp 2
By default, the lsload command displays the built-in resource
indices. You can also specify the names of external resources.
The following are the field names for the built-in resource
indices that are used to specify the lsload fields to display,
recommended width, and units of measurement for the displayed
field:
.sp 2
\fBTable 1. Output fields for lsload\fR
.sp 2
+-------------------------------+-------+----------------------+
| Field name                    | Width | Unit                 |
+-------------------------------+-------+----------------------+
| HOST_NAME                     | 20    |                      |
+-------------------------------+-------+----------------------+
| status                        | 15    |                      |
+-------------------------------+-------+----------------------+
| r15s                          | 6     |                      |
+-------------------------------+-------+----------------------+
| r1m                           | 6     |                      |
+-------------------------------+-------+----------------------+
| r15m                          | 6     |                      |
+-------------------------------+-------+----------------------+
| ut                            | 6     |                      |
+-------------------------------+-------+----------------------+
| pg                            | 6     |                      |
+-------------------------------+-------+----------------------+
| ls                            | 6     |                      |
+-------------------------------+-------+----------------------+
| it                            | 6     |                      |
+-------------------------------+-------+----------------------+
| io                            | 6     |                      |
+-------------------------------+-------+----------------------+
| tmp                           | 10    | LSF_UNIT_FOR_LIMITS  |
|                               |       | in lsf.conf (KB by   |
|                               |       | default)             |
+-------------------------------+-------+----------------------+
| swp                           | 10    | LSF_UNIT_FOR_LIMITS  |
|                               |       | in lsf.conf (KB by   |
|                               |       | default)             |
+-------------------------------+-------+----------------------+
| mem                           | 10    | LSF_UNIT_FOR_LIMITS  |
|                               |       | in lsf.conf (KB by   |
|                               |       | default)             |
+-------------------------------+-------+----------------------+
| gpu_status*                   | 10    |                      |
| For example, gpu_status0 and  |       |                      |
| gpu_status1 if there are two  |       |                      |
| GPUs.                         |       |                      |
+-------------------------------+-------+----------------------+
| gpu_error*                    | 20    |                      |
| For example, gpu_error0 and   |       |                      |
| gpu_error1 if there are two   |       |                      |
| GPUs.                         |       |                      |
+-------------------------------+-------+----------------------+
.sp 2
Field names are case-sensitive. Valid values for the output width
are any positive integer 1 - 4096.
.SH Example

.sp 2
LSF_LSLOAD_FORMAT="HOST_NAME status: r15s:- r1m:7 r15m:-8 tmp:S swp::S mem:9:S delimiter=\(aq^\(aq"
.br

.sp 2
Running lsload displays the following fields:
.sp 2
*  HOST_NAME with unlimited width and left-aligned.
.sp 2
*  status with a maximum width of 15 characters (which is the
   recommended width) and left-aligned.
.sp 2
*  r15s with a maximum width of 6 characters (which is the
   recommended width) and right-aligned.
.sp 2
*  r1m with a maximum width of 7 characters and left-aligned.
.sp 2
*  r15m with a maximum width of 8 characters and right-aligned.
.sp 2
*  tmp with unlimited width, left-aligned, and automatically
   scaled for space or capacity (MB, GB, and TB).
.sp 2
*  swp with a maximum width of 10 characters (which is the
   recommended width), left-aligned, and automatically scaled for
   space or capacity (MB, GB, and TB)
.sp 2
*  mem with a maximum width of 9 characters, left-aligned, and
   automatically scaled for space or capacity (MB, GB, and TB)
.sp 2
*  The \fR^\fR character is displayed between different headers
   and fields.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined. The current lsload output is used.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_LSLOGIN_SSH\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Enables SSH to secure communication between hosts and during job
submission.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_LSLOGIN_SSH=Y\fR | \fRy\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
A user with SSH configured can log on to a remote host without
providing a password. All communication between local and remote
hosts is encrypted.
.sp 2
SSH is used when running any of the following:
.sp 2
*  An interactive job (bsub -IS | -ISp | ISs)
.sp 2
*  An X-window job (bsub -IX)
.sp 2
*  An externally submitted job that is interactive or X-window
   job (esub)
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not set. LSF uses \fBrlogin\fR to authenticate users.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_MACHDEP\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_MACHDEP=\fR\fIdirectory\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Specifies the directory in which machine-dependent files are
installed. These files cannot be shared across different types of
machines.
.sp 2
In clusters with a single host type, LSF_MACHDEP is usually the
same as LSF_INDEP. The machine dependent files are the user
commands, daemons, and libraries. You should not need to modify
this parameter.
.sp 2
As shown in the following list, LSF_MACHDEP is incorporated into
other LSF variables.
.sp 2
*  
   LSF_BINDIR=$LSF_MACHDEP/bin
.sp 2
*  
   LSF_LIBDIR=$LSF_MACHDEP/lib
.sp 2
*  
   LSF_SERVERDIR=$LSF_MACHDEP/etc
.sp 2
*  
   XLSF_UIDDIR=$LSF_MACHDEP/lib/uid
.SH Default

.sp 2
/usr/share/lsf
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSF_INDEP\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_MANAGE_FREQUENCY\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fBLSF_MANAGE_FREQUENCY=\fR\fBN\fR | \fBCORE\fR | \fBHOST\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Uses a keyword value (N, CORE, or HOST) to set whether the CPU
frequency is set for the core (CPU) or by host (node). If the
value CORE is set, jobs will require affinity resource
requirements. The default value for this parameter is N (not
set).
.SH Default

.sp 2
N
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_MANAGE_MIG\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Enables dynamic Nvidia Multi-Instance GPU (MIG) scheduling.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_MANAGE_MIG=Y\fR | \fRy\fR | \fRN\fR | \fRn\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
If set to \fRY\fR or \fRy\fR, enables dynamic MIG scheduling. LSF
dynamically creates GPU instances (GI) and compute instances (CI)
on each host, and LSF controls the MIG of each host. If you
enable dynamic MIC scheduling, do not manually create or destroy
MIG devices outside of LSF.
.sp 2
If set to \fRN\fR or \fRn\fR, LSF uses static MIG scheduling. LSF
allocates the GI and CI based on the configuration of each MIG
host, and dispatches jobs to the MIG hosts. LSF does not create
or destroy the GI and CI on the MIG hosts. If you use static MIG
scheduling and want to change MIG devices, you must wait for the
running MIG job to finish, then destroy the existing MIG device,
create a new MIG device, and restart the LSF daemons.
.sp 2
If you change the value of this parameter, you must wait until
all MIG jobs that are running on a cluster are done, then restart
the LSF daemons for your changes take effect.
.sp 2
After changing the value of this parameter, you must restart the
LSF daemons for your changes to take effect.
.SH Default

.sp 2
N.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_MANDIR\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_MANDIR=\fR\fIdirectory\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Directory under which all man pages are installed.
.sp 2
The man pages are placed in the man1, man3, man5, and man8
subdirectories of the LSF_MANDIR directory. This is created by
the LSF installation process, and you should not need to modify
this parameter.
.sp 2
Man pages are installed in a format suitable for BSD-style man
commands.
.sp 2
For most versions of UNIX and Linux, you should add the directory
LSF_MANDIR to your MANPATH environment variable. If your system
has a man command that does not understand MANPATH, you should
either install the man pages in the /usr/man directory or get one
of the freely available man programs.
.SH Default

.sp 2
LSF_INDEP/man
.br

.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_MASTER_LIST\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_MASTER_LIST="\fR\fIhost_name ...\fR\fR"\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Required. Defines a list of hosts that are candidates to become
the management host for the cluster.
.sp 2
Listed hosts must be defined in lsf.cluster.\fIcluster_name\fR.
.sp 2
Host names are separated by spaces.
.sp 2
\fBTip: \fR
.sp 2
On UNIX and Linux, management host candidates should share LSF
configuration and binaries. On Windows, configuration files are
shared, but not binaries.
.sp 2
Starting in LSF 7, LSF_MASTER_LIST \fImust\fR be defined in
lsf.conf.
.sp 2
If EGO is enabled, LSF_MASTER_LIST can only be defined lsf.conf.
EGO_MASTER_LIST can only be defined in ego.conf. EGO_MASTER_LIST
cannot be defined in lsf.conf. LSF_MASTER_LIST cannot be defined
ego.conf.
.sp 2
LIM reads EGO_MASTER_LIST wherever it is defined. If both
LSF_MASTER_LIST and EGO_MASTER_LIST are defined, the value of
EGO_MASTER_LIST in ego.conf is taken. To avoid errors, you should
make sure that the value of LSF_MASTER_LIST matches the value of
EGO_MASTER_LIST, or define only EGO_MASTER_LIST.
.sp 2
If EGO is disabled, ego.conf not loaded and the value of
LSF_MASTER_LIST defined in lsf.conf is taken.
.sp 2
When you run lsadmin reconfig to reconfigure the cluster, only
the management host LIM candidates read lsf.shared and
lsf.cluster.\fIcluster_name\fR to get updated information. The
elected management host LIM sends configuration information to
server host LIMs.
.sp 2
If you have a large number of non-management hosts, you should
configure LSF_LIM_IGNORE_CHECKSUM=Y to ignore warning messages
like the following logged to lim log files on non-management
hosts.
.sp 2
Feb 26 13:47:35 2013 9746 4 10.1 xdr_loadvector: 
.br
Sender <10.225.36.46:9999> has a different configuration
.SH Interaction with LSF_SERVER_HOSTS

.sp 2
You can use the same list of hosts, or a subset of the management
host list defined in LSF_MASTER_LIST, in LSF_SERVER_HOSTS. If you
include the primary management host in LSF_SERVER_HOSTS, you
should define it as the last host of the list.
.sp 2
If LSF_ADD_CLIENTS is defined in install.config at installation,
lsfinstall automatically appends the hosts in LSF_MASTER_LIST to
the list of hosts in LSF_SERVER_HOSTS so that the primary
management host is last. For example:
.sp 2
LSF_MASTER_LIST="lsfmanagement hostE"
.br

.sp 2
LSF_SERVER_HOSTS="hostB hostC hostD hostE lsfmanagement"
.br

.sp 2
The value of LSF_SERVER_HOSTS is not changed during upgrade.
.SH EGO parameter

.sp 2
EGO_MASTER_LIST
.SH Default

.sp 2
Defined at installation
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSF_LIM_IGNORE_CHECKSUM\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_MASTER_NSLOOKUP_TIMEOUT\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_MASTER_NSLOOKUP_TIMEOUT=\fR\fItime_milliseconds\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Timeout in milliseconds that the management host LIM waits for
DNS host name lookup.
.sp 2
If LIM spends a lot of time calling DNS to look up a host name,
LIM appears to hang.
.sp 2
This parameter is used by management host LIM only. Only the
management host LIM detects this parameter and enable the DNS
lookup timeout.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined. No timeout for DNS lookup
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSF_LIM_IGNORE_CHECKSUM\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_MAX_TRY_ADD_HOST\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_MAX_TRY_ADD_HOST=\fR\fIinteger\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
When a server host LIM on a dynamically added host sends an add
host request to the management host LIM, but the parent LIM
cannot add the host for some reason. the server host LIM tries
again. LSF_MAX_TRY_ADD_HOST specifies how many times the server
host LIM retries the add host request before giving up.
.SH Default

.sp 2
20
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_MC_FORWARD_FAIRSHARE_CHARGE_DURATION\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_MC_FORWARD_FAIRSHARE_CHARGE_DURATION=\fIseconds\fR\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
For LSF multicluster capability, specifies the duration of time
after which LSF removes the forwarded jobs from the user priority
calculation for fairshare scheduling. If the global fairshare
daemon is enabled, set this parameter to 300 seconds (5 minutes),
or enough time to reflect the job usage from the remote cluster
on the fairshare counter.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_MC_NON_PRIVILEGED_PORTS\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_MC_NON_PRIVILEGED_PORTS=y\fR | \fRY\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
MultiCluster only. If this parameter is enabled in one cluster,
it must be enabled in all clusters.
.sp 2
Specify Y to make LSF daemons use non-privileged ports for
communication across clusters.
.SH Compatibility

.sp 2
This disables privileged port daemon authentication, which is a
security feature. If security is a concern, you should use eauth
for LSF daemon authentication (see LSF_AUTH_DAEMONS in lsf.conf).
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined. LSF daemons use privileged port authentication
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_MISC\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_MISC=\fR\fIdirectory\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Directory in which miscellaneous machine independent files, such
as example source programs and scripts, are installed.
.SH Default

.sp 2
LSF_CONFDIR/misc
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_MQ_BROKER_HOSTS\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
For LSF resource connector. Enables support for the bhosts -rc
and bhosts -rconly command options to get LSF resource connector
provider host information
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_MQ_BROKER_HOSTS=\fIhost_name\fR\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
If you use the MQTT message broker daemon (mosquitto) that is
provided with LSF resource connector, specifies the host name
where LIM starts that mosquitto daemon. The MQTT message broker
receives provider host information from ebrokerd and publishes
that information for the bhosts -rc and bhosts -rconly command
options to display. If the \fBLSF_MQ_BROKER_HOSTS\fR parameter is
not specified, the MQTT broker is not started, and the bhosts -rc
and bhosts -rconly command options fail.
.sp 2
Specify a host that runs the MQTT message broker daemon
(mosquitto). When LIM starts, it checks the
\fBLSF_MQ_BROKER_HOSTS\fR parameter. LIM manages the message
broker lifecycle, terminating and restarting it when necessary.
.sp 2
Failure of the mosquitto daemon is recorded in the LIM log.
.sp 2
The \fIhost_name\fR is one of the existing LSF cluster hosts.
After configuring this parameter, run the bctrld restart lim
command on the management host. If the specified host name is not
the management host, run the \fRbctrld restart lim
\fIhost_name\fR\fR command.
.sp 2
To verify that the mosquitto daemon is up and running, use the
\fRps -ef | grep mosquitto\fR command.
.SH Example

.sp 2
LSF_MQ_BROKER_HOSTS=hosta
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined.
.SH See also

.sp 2
*  \fBEBROKERD_HOST_CLEAN_DELAY\fR
.sp 2
*  \fBMQTT_BROKER_HOST\fR
.sp 2
*  \fBMQTT_BROKER_PORT\fR
.sp 2
*  bhosts -rc and bhosts -rconly
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_NIOS_DEBUG\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_NIOS_DEBUG=1\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Enables NIOS debugging for interactive jobs (if
LSF_NIOS_DEBUG=1).
.sp 2
NIOS debug messages are written to standard error.
.sp 2
This parameter can also be defined as an environment variable.
.sp 2
When LSF_NIOS_DEBUG and LSF_CMD_LOGDIR are defined, NIOS debug
messages are logged in nios.log.\fIhost_name\fR. in the location
specified by LSF_CMD_LOGDIR.
.sp 2
If LSF_NIOS_DEBUG is defined, and the directory defined by
LSF_CMD_LOGDIR is inaccessible, NIOS debug messages are logged to
/tmp/nios.log.\fIhost_name\fR instead of stderr.
.sp 2
On Windows, NIOS debug messages are also logged to the temporary
directory.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSF_CMD_LOGDIR\fR, \fBLSF_CMD_LOG_MASK\fR, \fBLSF_LOG_MASK\fR,
\fBLSF_LOGDIR\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_NIOS_ERR_LOGDIR\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_NIOS_ERR_LOGDIR=\fR\fIdirectory\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Applies to Windows only.
.sp 2
If LSF_NIOS_ERR_LOGDIR is specified, logs NIOS errors to
\fIdirectory\fR/nios.error.log.hostname.txt.
.sp 2
If the attempt fails, LSF tries to write to another directory
instead. The order is:
.sp 2
1. 
   the specified log directory
.sp 2
2. 
   LSF_TMPDIR
.sp 2
3. 
   %TMP%
.sp 2
4. 
   %TEMP%
.sp 2
5. 
   the system directory, for example, C:\winnt
.sp 2
If LSF_NIOS_DEBUG is also specified, NIOS debugging overrides the
LSF_NIOS_ERR_LOGDIR setting.
.sp 2
LSF_NIOS_ERR_LOGDIR is an alternative to using the NIOS debug
functionality.
.sp 2
This parameter can also be defined as an environment variable.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSF_NIOS_DEBUG\fR, \fBLSF_CMD_LOGDIR\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_NIOS_JOBSTATUS_INTERVAL\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_NIOS_JOBSTATUS_INTERVAL=\fR\fItime_minutes\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Time interval at which NIOS polls mbatchd to check if a job is
still running. Applies to interactive batch jobs and blocking
jobs.
.sp 2
Use this parameter if you have scripts that depend on an exit
code being returned.
.sp 2
If this parameter is not defined and a network connection is
lost, mbatchd cannot communicate with NIOS and the return code of
a job is not retrieved.
.sp 2
When \fBLSF_NIOS_JOBSTATUS_INTERVAL\fR is defined, NIOS polls
mbatchd on the defined interval to check if a job is still
running (or pending). NIOS continues to poll mbatchd until it
receives an exit code or mbatchd responds that the job does not
exist (if the job has already been cleaned from memory for
example).
.sp 2
For interactive jobs NIOS polls mbatchd to retrieve a job\(aqs exit
status when this parameter is enabled and:
.sp 2
*  the connection between NIOS and the job RES is broken. For
   example, a network failure between submission host and
   execution host occurs.
.sp 2
*  job RES runs abnormally. For example, it is out of memory.
.sp 2
*  job is waiting for dispatch.
.sp 2
For blocking jobs, NIOS will always poll mbatchd to retrieve a
job\(aqs exit status when this parameter is enabled,
.sp 2
If an exit code cannot be retrieved, NIOS generates an error
message and the code -11.
.SH Valid values

.sp 2
Any integer greater than zero.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined
.SH Notes

.sp 2
Set this parameter to large intervals such as 15 minutes or more
so that performance is not negatively affected if interactive
jobs are pending for too long. NIOS always calls mbatchd on the
defined interval to confirm that a job is still pending and this
may add load to mbatchd.
.SH See also

.sp 2
Environment variable \fBLSF_NIOS_PEND_TIMEOUT\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_NIOS_MAX_TASKS\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_NIOS_MAX_TASKS=\fR\fIinteger\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Specifies the maximum number of NIOS tasks.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_NIOS_PORT_RANGE\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_NIOS_PORT_RANGE="\fR\fImin_port_number\fR\fR-\fR\fImax_port_number\fR\fR"\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Defines a range of listening ports for NIOS to use.
.sp 2
If not defined, LSF assigns a random NIOS port number.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_NIOS_RES_HEARTBEAT\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_NIOS_RES_HEARTBEAT=\fR\fItime_minutes\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Applies only to interactive non-parallel batch jobs.
.sp 2
Defines how long NIOS waits before sending a message to RES to
determine if the connection is still open.
.sp 2
Use this parameter to ensure NIOS exits when a network failure
occurs instead of waiting indefinitely for notification that a
job has been completed. When a network connection is lost, RES
cannot communicate with NIOS and as a result, NIOS does not exit.
.sp 2
When this parameter is defined, if there has been no
communication between RES and NIOS for the defined period of
time, NIOS sends a message to RES to see if the connection is
still open. If the connection is no longer available, NIOS exits.
.SH Valid values

.sp 2
Any integer greater than zero
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined
.SH Notes

.sp 2
The time you set this parameter to depends how long you want to
allow NIOS to wait before exiting. Typically, it can be a number
of hours or days. Too low a number may add load to the system.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_NON_PRIVILEGED_PORTS\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_NON_PRIVILEGED_PORTS=Y\fR | \fRN\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
By default, LSF uses non privileged ports for communication
(\fBLSF_NON_PRIVILEGED_PORTS=Y\fR).
.sp 2
If \fBLSF_NON_PRIVILEGED_PORTS=N\fR, LSF clients (LSF commands
and daemons) do not use privileged ports to communicate with
daemons and LSF daemons do not check privileged ports for
incoming requests to do authentication.
.sp 2
To use privileged port communication, change the value of
\fBLSF_NON_PRIVILEGED_PORTS\fR to \fRN\fR, then do the following:
.sp 2
1. Shut down the cluster.
.sp 2
2. Change the parameter value.
.sp 2
3. Restart the cluster so the new value takes effect.
.sp 2
For migration and compatibility for each cluster:
.sp 2
*  If all hosts were upgraded to LSF 9.1 or later, they work with
   non-privileged ports.
.sp 2
*  If all hosts were upgraded to LSF 9.1 or later, but you want
   to use privileged ports for communication, then set
   \fBLSF_NON_PRIVILEGED_PORTS\fR to N and make sure that the
   value for \fBLSB_MAX_JOB_DISPATCH_PER_SESSION\fR is less than
   300.
.sp 2
*  If the management host is upgraded to LSF 9.1 or later, but
   some server hosts are still running older versions, and if the
   value defined for \fBLSB_MAX_JOB_DISPATCH_PER_SESSION\fR is
   above 300, then no changes are required. If the value is less
   than 300, then you need to set
   \fBLSF_NON_PRIVILEGED_PORTS=Y\fR. This tells the old sbatchd
   to use non-privileged ports for communication.
.SH Default

.sp 2
The default value is Y, which means LSF uses non-privileged port
communication.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_PAM_APPL_CHKPNT\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
LSF_PAM_APPL_CHKPNT=Y | N
.SH Description

.sp 2
\fBNote: \fRThis parameter is now deprecated and might be removed
in a future version of LSF.
.sp 2
When set to Y, allows PAM to function together with application
checkpointing support.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Y
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_PAM_CLEAN_JOB_DELAY\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_PAM_CLEAN_JOB_DELAY=\fR\fItime_seconds\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
\fBNote: \fRThis parameter is now deprecated and might be removed
in a future version of LSF.
.sp 2
The number of seconds LSF waits before killing a parallel job
with failed tasks. Specifying LSF_PAM_CLEAN_JOB_DELAY implies
that if any parallel tasks fail, the entire job should exit
without running the other tasks in the job. The job is killed if
any task exits with a non-zero exit code.
.sp 2
Specify a value greater than or equal to zero (0).
.sp 2
Applies only to PAM jobs.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Undefined: LSF kills the job immediately
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_PAM_HOSTLIST_USE\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_PAM_HOSTLIST_USE=unique\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
\fBNote: \fRThis parameter is now deprecated and might be removed
in a future version of LSF.
.sp 2
Used to start applications that use both OpenMP and MPI.
.SH Valid values

.sp 2
unique
.br

.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined
.SH Notes

.sp 2
At job submission, LSF reserves the correct number of processors
and PAM starts only 1 process per host. For example, to reserve
32 processors and run on 4 processes per host, resulting in the
use of 8 hosts:
.sp 2
bsub -n 32 -R "span[ptile=4]" pam yourOpenMPJob
.br

.SH Where defined

.sp 2
This parameter can alternatively be set as an environment
variable. For example:
.sp 2
setenv LSF_PAM_HOSTLIST_USE unique
.br

.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_PAM_PLUGINDIR\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_PAM_PLUGINDIR=\fR\fIpath\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
\fBNote: \fRThis parameter is now deprecated and might be removed
in a future version of LSF.
.sp 2
The path to libpamvcl.so. Used with LSF HPC features.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Path to LSF_LIBDIR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_PAM_USE_ASH\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_PAM_USE_ASH=y\fR | \fRY\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
\fBNote: \fRThis parameter is now deprecated and might be removed
in a future version of LSF.
.sp 2
Enables LSF to use the SGI IRIX Array Session Handles (ASH) to
propagate signals to the parallel jobs.
.sp 2
See the IRIX system documentation and the
\fRarray_session\fR(\fR5\fR) man page for more information about
array sessions.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_PASSWD_DIR\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_PASSWD_DIR=\fR\fIfile_path\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Defines a location for LSF to load and update the passwd.lsfuser
file, used for registering lspassword for a Windows user account.
.sp 2
\fBNote: \fR\fBLSF_PASSWD_DIR\fR does not need to be configured
if the cluster contains no Windows users.
.sp 2
\fBNote: \fRpasswd.lsfuser is automatically generated by LSF - it
does not need to be created.
.sp 2
Specify the full path to a shared directory accessible by all
management candidate hosts. The LSF lim daemon must have read and
write permissions on this directory.
.sp 2
By default, passwd.lsfuser is located in \fB$LSF_CONFDIR\fR. The
default location is only used if \fBLSF_PASSWD_DIR\fR is
undefined; if you define a new location and lim fails to access
passwd.lsfuser in \fBLSF_PASSWD_DIR\fR, it will not check
\fB$LSF_CONFDIR\fR.
.sp 2
You must restart lim to make changes take effect.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined (that is, passwd.lsfuser is located in
\fB$LSF_CONFDIR\fR)
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_PE_NETWORK_NUM\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_PE_NETWORK_NUM=\fInum_networks\fR\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
\fBNote: \fRThis parameter is now deprecated and might be removed
in a future version of LSF.
.sp 2
For LSF IBM Parallel Environment (PE) integration. Specify a
value between 0 and 8 to set the number of InfiniBand networks on
the host. If the number is changed, run lsadmin reconfig and
badmin mbdrestart to make the change take effect
.sp 2
\fBLSF_PE_NETWORK_NUM\fR must be defined with a non-zero value in
lsf.conf for LSF to collect network information to run PE jobs.
.sp 2
\fBNote: \fRIf \fBLSF_PE_NETWORK_NUM\fR is configured with a
valid value, \fBMAX_JOBID\fR in lsb.params should not be
configured with a value larger than 4194303 and
\fBMAX_JOB_ARRAY_SIZE\fR in lsb.params should not be configured
with a value larger than 1023. Otherwise, the jobID may not be
represented correctly in PE and jobs do not run as expected.
.SH Example

.sp 2
For example, \fRhostA\fR has two networks: 18338657685884897280
and 18338657685884897536. Each network has 256 windows. Set
\fRLSF_PE_NETWORK_NUM=2\fR.
.SH Maximum

.sp 2
8
.SH Default

.sp 2
0
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_PE_NETWORK_UPDATE_INTERVAL\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_PE_NETWORK_UPDATE_INTERVAL=\fIseconds\fR\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
\fBNote: \fRThis parameter is now deprecated and might be removed
in a future version of LSF.
.sp 2
For LSF IBM Parallel Environment (PE) integration. When LSF
collects network information for PE jobs,
LSF_PE_NETWORK_UPDATE_INTERVAL specifies the interval for
updating network information.
.SH Default

.sp 2
15 seconds
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_PIM_INFODIR\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_PIM_INFODIR=\fR\fIpath\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
The path to where PIM writes the pim.info.host_name file.
.sp 2
Specifies the path to where the process information is stored.
The process information resides in the file pim.info.host_name.
The PIM also reads this file when it starts so that it can
accumulate the resource usage of dead processes for existing
process groups.
.SH EGO parameter

.sp 2
EGO_PIM_INFODIR
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined. The system uses /tmp.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_PIM_LINUX_ENHANCE\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_PIM_LINUX_ENHANCE=Y | N\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
When enabled, the PIM daemon reports proportional memory
utilization for each process attached to a shared memory segment.
The sum total of memory utilization of all processes on the host
is now accurately reflected in the total memory used. (The Linux
kernel must be version 2.6.14 or newer.)
.sp 2
When \fBEGO_PIM_SWAP_REPORT\fR is set, the swap amount is
correctly reported. The swap amount is the virtual memory minus
the value of the rss value in the static Linux file.
.sp 2
Applies only to Linux operating systems and Red Hat Enterprise
Linux 4.7.5.0.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Set to \fRY\fR at time of installation. If otherwise undefined,
then \fRN\fR.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_PIM_SLEEPTIME\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_PIM_SLEEPTIME=\fR\fItime_seconds\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
The reporting period for PIM.
.sp 2
PIM updates the process information every 15 minutes unless an
application queries this information. If an application requests
the information, PIM updates the process information every
LSF_PIM_SLEEPTIME seconds. If the information is not queried by
any application for more than 5 minutes, the PIM reverts back to
the 15 minute update period.
.SH EGO parameter

.sp 2
EGO_PIM_SLEEPTIME
.SH Default

.sp 2
30 seconds
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_PIM_SLEEPTIME_UPDATE\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_PIM_SLEEPTIME_UPDATE=y\fR | \fRn\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
UNIX only.
.sp 2
Use this parameter to improve job throughput and reduce a job’s
start time if there are many jobs running simultaneously on a
host. This parameter reduces communication traffic between
sbatchd and PIM on the same host.
.sp 2
When this parameter is not defined or set to n, sbatchd queries
PIM as needed for job process information.
.sp 2
When this parameter is defined, sbatchd does not query PIM
immediately as it needs information; sbatchd only queries PIM
every LSF_PIM_SLEEPTIME seconds.
.SH Limitations

.sp 2
When this parameter is defined:
.sp 2
*  sbatchd may be intermittently unable to retrieve process
   information for jobs whose run time is smaller than
   LSF_PIM_SLEEPTIME.
.sp 2
*  It may take longer to view resource usage with bjobs -l.
.SH EGO parameter

.sp 2
EGO_PIM_SLEEPTIME_UPDATE
.SH Default

.sp 2
Set to \fRy\fR at time of installation. Otherwise, not defined.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_PLATFORM_COMPATIBILITY\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Allows for backward compatibility of the Platform name after LSF
10.1.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_PLATFORM_COMPATIBILITY=Y|y|N|n\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Set it to \fRy\fR|\fRY\fR in lsf.conf to enable lsid and the LSF
command -V to display "IBM Platform LSF" instead of "IBM Spectrum
LSF". This solves compatibility issues between LSF10.1 and older
versions of PPM.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_POE_TIMEOUT_BIND\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_POE_TIMEOUT_BIND=\fR\fItime_seconds\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
This parameter applies to the PAM Taskstarter. It specifies the
time in seconds for the poe_w wrapper to keep trying to set up a
server socket to listen on.
.sp 2
poe_w is the wrapper for the IBM poe driver program.
.sp 2
LSF_POE_TIMEOUT_BIND can also be set as an environment variable
for poe_w to read.
.SH Default

.sp 2
120 seconds
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_POE_TIMEOUT_SELECT\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_POE_TIMEOUT_SELECT=\fR\fItime_seconds\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
This parameter applies to the PAM Taskstarter. It specifies the
time in seconds for the poe_w wrapper to wait for connections
from the pmd_w wrapper. pmd_w is the wrapper for pmd (IBM PE
Partition Manager Daemon).
.sp 2
LSF_POE_TIMEOUT_SELECT can also be set as an environment variable
for poe_w to read.
.SH Default

.sp 2
160 seconds
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_PROCESS_TRACKING\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_PROCESS_TRACKING=\fR\fRY|y|N|n\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Enable this parameter to track processes based on job control
functions such as termination, suspension, resume and other
signaling, on Linux systems which support cgroups\(aq freezer
subsystem. Once enabled, this parameter takes effect for new
jobs.
.sp 2
Disable this parameter if you want LSF to depend on PIM\(aqs updates
for tracking the relationship between jobs and process.
.sp 2
Different LSF hosts in the cluster can use different versions of
cgroup as long as each individual LSF host is only running one
version of cgroup. If you have both versions of cgroup enabled in
a host, you must disable one of the versions. For example, hostA
can use cgroup v1 and hostB can use cgroup v2 as long as each
host is only running one version of cgroup.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Set to \fRY\fR at time of installation. If otherwise undefined,
then \fRN\fR.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_QUERY_ES_FUNCTIONS\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fBLSF_QUERY_ES_FUNCTIONS="all"\fR
.sp 2
\fBLSF_QUERY_ES_FUNCTIONS="\fR[\fBacct\fR] | [\fBjobs\fR] |
[\fBenergy\fR] | [\fBgpfsio\fR]\fB"\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Specifies the functions that are permitted to use IBM Spectrum
LSF Explorer (LSF Explorer) to access and retrieve additional
data. Specify a space-separated list of function names.
.sp 2
The \fRacct\fR and \fRjobs\fR functions integrate bacct and bhist
with LSF Explorer Server. Using LSF Explorer to get data improves
the performance of the supported commands by avoiding the need
for parsing large log files whenever you run these commands.
.sp 2
This \fRenergy\fR function integrates LSF Explorer energy
accounting into LSF. LSF uses LSF Explorer to collect energy data
from each host by the LSF Beats services (lsfbeat tool). The
bjobs and bhosts commands can then query the data from LSF
Explorer and display the job level or host level energy to users.
.sp 2
To use this parameter, you must first define the
\fBLSF_QUERY_ES_SERVERS\fR parameter to enable LSF to use LSF
Explorer to retrieve the data.
.SH Valid values

.sp 2
\fBacct\fR
.br
         If the acct function is defined, the bacct command uses
         LSF Explorer to retrieve the accounting log records.
.sp 2
\fBjobs\fR
.br
         If the jobs function is defined, the bhist command uses
         LSF Explorer to retrieve the event log records.
.sp 2
\fBenergy\fR
.br
         If the energy function is defined and
         \fRLSF_ENABLE_BEAT_SERVICE="energy"\fR is defined in the
         lsf.conf file, the bhosts and bjobs commands use LSF
         Explorer to retrieve energy data.
.sp 2
\fBgpfsio\fR
.br
         If the gpfsio function is defined, the bjobs and bacct
         commands use LSF Explorer to retrieve IBM Spectrum Scale
         job accounting I/O data.
.sp 2
         Specifically, the bjobs -l command shows approximate
         accumulated job disk usage (I/O) data, the bjobs -o
         "gpfsio" command shows job disk usage (I/O) data, and
         the bacct -l command shows the total approximate number
         of read/write bytes of all storage pools, all on IBM
         Spectrum Scale.
.sp 2
\fBall\fR
.br
         If the all keyword is defined, all supported functions
         use LSF Explorer to retrieve data.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined. The commands do not use LSF Explorer to retrieve
data.
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSF_QUERY_ES_SERVERS\fR, \fBLSF_ENABLE_BEAT_SERVICE\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_QUERY_ES_SERVERS\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_QUERY_ES_SERVERS="\fR[\fRhttps://\fR\fIip_address\fR\fR:\fR\fIport_number\fR
| \fRhttps://\fR\fIhost_name\fR\fR:\fR\fIport_number\fR
\fIip_address\fR\fR:\fR\fIport_number\fR |
\fIhost_name\fR\fR:\fR\fIport_number\fR] ...\fR"\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
To use this parameter, IBM Spectrum LSF Explorer (LSF Explorer),
Version 10.2, or later, must be installed and working with https
enabled.
.sp 2
Use this parameter to configure the IP address and port number of
the LSF Explorer Server, and to enable the supported commands to
use the LSF Explorer Elasticsearch features.
.sp 2
Use a space-separated list of IP addresses and port numbers or
host names and port numbers of the LSF Explorer Servers. If the
first server does not respond, LSF attempts to contact the
subsequent servers to retrieve data. For example,
.sp 2
LSF_QUERY_ES_SERVERS="192.168.0.1:8080 hostE:8080 https://192.168.0.11:8080 https://hostG:8080"
.sp 2
Use the \fBLSF_QUERY_ES_FUNCTIONS\fR parameter to define which
commands are permitted to use LSF Explorer to retrieve data.
.sp 2

.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined. The commands do not use LSF Explorer to retrieve
data.
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSF_QUERY_ES_FUNCTIONS\fR, \fBLSF_ENABLE_BEAT_SERVICE\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_REG_FLOAT_HOSTS\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_REG_FLOAT_HOSTS=Y|y|N|n\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Enables registration handling for LSF hosts without requiring the
use of DNS to resolve local hosts.
.sp 2
If set to \fRY\fR or \fRy\fR on the LSF server, allows LIM on the
server to receive registration requests from hosts that are
running the lsreghost service. LIM then stores the host name, IP
address, and (on Windows only) the computer SID of the host in
the reghostscache file. LSF daemons look for host records in this
file when attempting to look up host names or IP addresses before
using DNS.
.sp 2
By default, the reghostscache file is stored in the file path as
defined by the \fBLSB_SHAREDIR\fR parameter in the lsf.conf file.
Define the \fBLSB_SHAREDIR\fR parameter so that the reghostscache
file can be shared with as many LSF servers as possible. For all
LSF servers that have access to the shared directory defined by
\fBLSB_SHAREDIR\fR, only one of these servers need to receive the
registration request from the host. This reduces network load by
reducing the number of servers to which the registration request
must be sent. If all hosts in the cluster can access
\fBLSB_SHAREDIR\fR, the registration only needs to be sent to the
management host LIM, which records the host information in the
shared reghostscache file that all other servers can access. If
\fBLSB_SHAREDIR\fR is not defined, the reghostscache file is
placed in the \fBLSF_TOP\fR directory.
.sp 2
After enabling this parameter on the LSF servers, create the
hostregsetup file on the local host or a location that is
accessible to the local host. This file contains a list of LSF
servers to which the local host must register itself, with one
server name on each line (empty lines and \fR#comment\fR text are
ignored).
.sp 2
\fBNote: \fRIf \fBLSF_SHAREDIR\fR is accessible to all servers in
the cluster, only the management host LIM host needs to be
specified in the hostregsetup file.
.sp 2
Run the lsreghost command with the full file path to
thehostregsetup file to enable the local to register itself to
the specified LSF servers:
.sp 2
*  On a Windows host, run \fRlsreghost -i
   \fIfile_path\fR\hostregsetup\fR to install the lsreghost
   service onto the local host, which runs as a service that
   automatically starts up every time the local machine starts
   up. For example, \fRlsreghost -i C:\LSF_9.1\hostregsetup\fR
.sp 2
*  On a Linux host, run \fRlsreghost -s
   \fIfile_path\fR\hostregsetup\fR with root privileges to have
   the local host send a single registration message to all LSF
   servers that are listed in the hostregsetup file. If you want
   to run lsreghost at set intervals, set up a Linux cron job.
.sp 2
For details on all lsreghost command options, run lsreghost -h on
the local host.
.sp 2
If \fRLSF_CONNECTION_CHANGE=Y\fR is set in the lsf.conf file on
the local host, lsreghost also registers the local host with the
LSF servers if it detects a change in the total number of
connections (that is, IP addresses) that are associated with the
local host.
.sp 2
If the \fBLSF_REG_HOST_INTERVAL\fR parameter is set to an integer
in the lsf.conf file on the local host, lsreghost sends a new
registration message to the LSF servers after the defined
interval.
.SH Default

.sp 2
N
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSF_CONNECTION_CHANGE\fR, \fBLSF_REG_HOST_INTERVAL\fR.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_REG_HOST_INTERVAL\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_REG_HOST_INTERVAL=\fIinteger\fR\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Windows only. Specifies the interval, in minutes, in which
lsreghost sends additional registration messages to LSF servers.
.sp 2
This parameter is only valid if registration handling is enabled
for LSF hosts (that is, \fRLSF_REG_FLOAT_HOSTS=Y\fR is set in the
lsf.conf file on the LSF server).
.sp 2
Specify an integer for this parameter to set the time interval,
in minutes, for lsreghost to send registration messages to LSF
servers.
.sp 2
You must restart the lsreghost command on the local host for this
change to take effect.
.SH Default

.sp 2
N
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSF_REG_FLOAT_HOSTS\fR, \fBLSF_CONNECTION_CHANGE\fR.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_REMOTE_COPY_CMD\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_REMOTE_COPY_CMD\fR="\fIcopy_command\fR"
.SH Description

.sp 2
UNIX only. Specifies the shell command or script to use with the
following LSF commands if RES fails to copy the file between
hosts.
.sp 2
*  
   lsrcp
.sp 2
*  
   bsub –i, –f, –is, -Zs ¨Ci(s)
.sp 2
*  
   bmod -Zs
.sp 2
By default, rcp is used for these commands.
.sp 2
There is no need to restart any daemons when this parameter
changes.
.sp 2
For example, to use scp instead of rcp for remote file copying,
specify:
.sp 2
LSF_REMOTE_COPY_CMD="scp -B -o \(aqStrictHostKeyChecking no\(aq"
.sp 2
You can also configure ssh options such as BatchMode,
StrictHostKeyChecking in the global SSH_ETC/ssh_config file or
$HOME/.ssh/config.
.sp 2
When remote copy of a file via RES fails, the environment
variable “LSF_LSRCP_ERRNO” is set to the system defined errno.
You can use this variable in a self-defined shell script executed
by lsrcp. The script can do the appropriate cleanup, recopy, or
retry, or it can just exit without invoking any other copy
command.
.sp 2
LSF automatically appends two parameters before executing the
command:
.sp 2
*  
   The first parameter is the source file path.
.sp 2
*  
   The second parameter is the destination file path.
.SH Valid values

.sp 2
Values are passed directly through. Any valid scp, rcp, or custom
copy commands and options are supported except for compound
multi-commands. For example, set
\fBLSF_REMOTE_COPY_CMD\fR=\fR"scp -B -o \(aqStrictHostKeyChecking
no\(aq"\fR.
.sp 2
To avoid a recursive loop, the value of LSF_REMOTE_COPY_CMD must
not be lsrcp or a shell script executing lsrcp.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_REPLACE_PIM_WITH_LINUX_CGROUP\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Minimizes the impact of PIM daemon processing overhead on
parallel jobs.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_REPLACE_PIM_WITH_LINUX_CGROUP=y|Y|n|N\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
PIM collects job processes, the relationship among all processes,
the memory usage of each process, and the CPU time of each
process periodically. Those actions can influence the execution
of parallel jobs (so-called OS jitter). To minimize OS jitter,
you can configure the LSF cgroup feature. Linux cgroups function
similarly to PIM, but can generates less OS jitter than PIM. The
\fBLSF_REPLACE_PIM_WITH_LINUX_CGROUP\fR parameter lets you choose
which way you want to generate job process information.
.sp 2
\fBNote: \fRThis parameter is only supported on Linux. The
parameter is ignored on other operating systems.
.sp 2
The LSF cgroup feature does not support PAM jobs, so you cannot
disable PIM if you run PAM jobs.
.sp 2
If you disable PIM with this parameter, you must use the
following parameters in the lsf.conf file to enable cgroup memory
and CPU accounting.
.sp 2
*  \fBLSF_PROCESS_TRACKING=Y\fR
.sp 2
*  \fBLSF_LINUX_CGROUP_ACCT=Y\fR
.sp 2
You can also configure the following parameters:
.sp 2
*  \fBLSF_PROCESS_TRACKING=y\fR
.sp 2
*  \fBLSB_RESOURCE_ENFORCE=memory\fR
.sp 2
The \fBLSB_RESOURCE_ENFORCE=memory\fR parameter enables memory
and cgroup CPU accounting by default.
.SH Default

.sp 2
N
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_RES_ACCT\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_RES_ACCT=\fR\fItime_milliseconds \fR| 0
.SH Description

.sp 2
If this parameter is defined, RES logs information for completed
and failed tasks by default (see lsf.acct).
.sp 2
The value for LSF_RES_ACCT is specified in terms of consumed CPU
time (milliseconds). Only tasks that have consumed more than the
specified CPU time are logged.
.sp 2
If this parameter is defined as LSF_RES_ACCT=0, then all tasks
are logged.
.sp 2
For those tasks that consume the specified amount of CPU time,
RES generates a record and appends the record to the task log
file lsf.acct.host_name. This file is located in the
LSF_RES_ACCTDIR directory.
.sp 2
If this parameter is not defined, the LSF administrator must use
the lsadmin command (see lsadmin) to turn task logging on after
RES has started.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSF_RES_ACCTDIR\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_RES_ACCTDIR\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_RES_ACCTDIR=\fR\fIdirectory\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
The directory in which the RES task log file
lsf.acct.\fIhost_name\fR is stored.
.sp 2
If LSF_RES_ACCTDIR is not defined, the log file is stored in the
/tmp directory.
.SH Default

.sp 2
(UNIX)/tmp
.sp 2
(Windows) C:\temp
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSF_RES_ACCT\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_RES_ACTIVE_TIME\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_RES_ACTIVE_TIME=\fR\fItime_seconds\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Time in seconds before LIM reports that RES is down.
.SH Minimum value

.sp 2
10 seconds
.SH Default

.sp 2
90 seconds
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_RES_ALIVE_TIMEOUT\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_RES_ALIVE_TIMEOUT=\fR\fItime_seconds\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Controls how long the task res on non-first execution hosts waits
(in seconds) before cleaning up the job. If set to 0, this
parameter is disabled.
.sp 2
Restart all res in the cluster after setting or changing this
parameter.
.SH Default

.sp 2
60 seconds
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_RES_CLIENT_TIMEOUT\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fBLSF_RES_CLIENT_TIMEOUT=\fRtime_minutes
.SH Description

.sp 2
Specifies in minutes how long an application RES waits for a new
task before exiting.
.sp 2
\fBCAUTION: \fR
.sp 2
If you use the LSF API to run remote tasks and you define this
parameter with timeout. the remote execution of the new task
fails (for example, ls_rtask()).
.SH Default

.sp 2
The parameter is not set; the application RES waits indefinitely
for new task to come until client tells it to quit.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_RES_CONNECT_RETRY\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_RES_CONNECT_RETRY=\fR\fIinteger | \fR\fR0\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
The number of attempts by RES to reconnect to NIOS.
.sp 2
If LSF_RES_CONNECT_RETRY is not defined, the default value is
used.
.SH Default

.sp 2
0
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSF_NIOS_RES_HEARTBEAT\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_RES_DEBUG\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_RES_DEBUG=1\fR\fI | \fR\fR2\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Sets RES to debug mode.
.sp 2
If LSF_RES_DEBUG is defined, the Remote Execution Server (RES)
operates in single user mode. No security checking is performed,
so RES should not run as root. RES does not look in the services
database for the RES service port number. Instead, it uses port
number 36002 unless LSF_RES_PORT has been defined.
.sp 2
Specify 1 for this parameter unless you are testing RES.
.SH Valid values

.sp 2
LSF_RES_DEBUG=1
.sp 2
RES runs in the background with no associated control terminal.
.sp 2
LSF_RES_DEBUG=2
.sp 2
RES runs in the foreground and prints error messages to
\fRtty\fR.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSF_LIM_DEBUG\fR, \fBLSF_CMD_LOGDIR\fR,
\fBLSF_CMD_LOG_MASK\fR, \fBLSF_LOG_MASK\fR, \fBLSF_LOGDIR\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_RES_PORT\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
See LSF_LIM_PORT, LSF_RES_PORT, LSB_MBD_PORT, LSB_SBD_PORT.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_RES_RLIMIT_UNLIM\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_RES_RLIMIT_UNLIM=cpu\fR | \fRfsize\fR | \fRdata\fR |
\fRstack\fR | \fRcore\fR | \fRvmem\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
By default, RES sets the hard limits for a remote task to be the
same as the hard limits of the local process. This parameter
specifies those hard limits which are to be set to unlimited,
instead of inheriting those of the local process.
.sp 2
Valid values are cpu, fsize, data, stack, core, and vmem, for
CPU, file size, data size, stack, core size, and virtual memory
limits, respectively.
.SH Example

.sp 2
The following example sets the CPU, core size, and stack hard
limits to be unlimited for all remote tasks:
.sp 2
LSF_RES_RLIMIT_UNLIM="cpu core stack"
.br

.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_RES_STARTUP_RETRY_INTERVAL\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_RES_STARTUP_RETRY_INTERVAL\fR=\fIseconds\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
If res failed to initialize socket, this parameter specifies the
amount of time to wait before res tries again (if
\fBLSF_RES_STARTUP_RETRY_TIMES\fR is specified).
.SH Valid values

.sp 2
1 - INFINIT_INT
.sp 2
INFINIT_INT is defined in lsf.h.
.SH Default

.sp 2
If \fBLSF_RES_STARTUP_RETRY_TIMES\fR is defined, the default
value is 1.Otherwise, not defined.
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSF_RES_STARTUP_RETRY_TIMES\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_RES_STARTUP_RETRY_TIMES\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_RES_STARTUP_RETRY_TIMES\fR=\fIinteger\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
The maximum number of times for res to try to initialize a socket
when the first attempt failed.
.SH Valid values

.sp 2
0 -INFINIT_INT
.sp 2
INFINIT_INT is defined in lsf.h.
.SH Default

.sp 2
0
.sp 2
res does not try to initialize a socket if the first attempt
failed.
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSF_RES_STARTUP_RETRY_INTERVAL\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_RES_SYNCUP_INTERVAL\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_RES_SYNCUP_INTERVAL=\fR\fItime_seconds\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Time in seconds before RES contacts LIM to get the latest host
configuration.
.sp 2
If set to 0, RES never contacts LIM to get the host
configuration. This can reduce the query load on LIM, but if
there are cluster-level configuration changes, you must restart
RES to get the new configuration.
.SH Minimum value

.sp 2
90 seconds
.SH Default

.sp 2
1800 seconds (30 minutes)
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_RES_TIMEOUT\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_RES_TIMEOUT=\fR\fItime_seconds\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Timeout when communicating with RES.
.SH Default

.sp 2
15
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_ROOT_REX (Obsolete)\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_ROOT_REX=\fR\fRall\fR | \fItext\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
This parameter is obsolete in LSF Version 10.1 Fix Pack 10 and no
longer allows root execution privileges for jobs from local and
remote hosts. Any actions that were performed as root must
instead be performed as the LSF administrator.
.sp 2
UNIX only.
.sp 2
Specifies the root execution privileges for jobs from local and
remote hosts.
.sp 2
If defined as any value in the local cluster, allows root remote
execution privileges (subject to identification checking) for
jobs from local hosts in the same cluster, for both interactive
and batch jobs. Causes RES to accept requests from root on other
local hosts in the same cluster, subject to identification
checking.
.sp 2
If defined as \fRall\fR in IBM Spectrum LSF multicluster
capability, allows root remote execution privileges (subject to
identification checking) for jobs from remote and local cluster
hosts, for both interactive and batch jobs. Causes RES to accept
requests from the superuser (root) on local and remote hosts,
subject to identification checking.
.sp 2
If \fBLSF_ROOT_REX\fR is not defined, remote execution requests
from root are refused.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined. Root execution is not allowed.
.sp 2
\fBImportant: \fR
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSF_AUTH\fR, \fBLSF_DISABLE_LSRUN\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_ROOT_USER\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
UNIX only. Enables the root user to perform actions as a valid
user from the LSF command line.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_ROOT_USER=Y\fR | \fRy\fR | \fRN\fR | \fRn\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
If you need to temporarily run LSF commands with root privileges,
specify \fRLSF_ROOT_USER=Y\fR in the lsf.conf file. When you are
done, you must disable this parameter to ensure that your cluster
remains secure.
.sp 2
\fBNote: \fRIf you enabled user eauth with krb5 without enabling
Kerberos user impersonation, LSF daemons do not run with root
privileges even if you enable \fBLSF_ROOT_USER=Y\fR. You must use
the su command to give root permissions to the LSF administrator
instead.
.sp 2
\fBImportant: \fROnly enable \fRLSF_ROOT_USER=Y\fR as a temporary
configuration setting. When you are done, you must disable this
parameter to ensure that your cluster remains secure.
.SH Default

.sp 2
N. Root has no permission to execute LSF commands.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_RSH\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_RSH=\fR\fIcommand\fR [\fIcommand_options\fR]
.SH Description

.sp 2
Specifies shell commands to use when the following LSF commands
require remote execution:
.sp 2
*  
   bctrld start sbd
.sp 2
*  
   bpeek
.sp 2
*  
   bctrld start lim
.sp 2
*  
   bctrld start res
.sp 2
*  
   lsfrestart
.sp 2
*  
   lsfshutdown
.sp 2
*  
   lsfstartup
.sp 2
*  
   lsrcp
.sp 2
By default, rsh is used for these commands. Use LSF_RSH to enable
support for ssh.
.SH EGO parameter

.sp 2
EGO_RSH
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined
.SH Example

.sp 2
To use an ssh command before trying rsh for LSF commands,
specify:
.sp 2
LSF_RSH="ssh -o \(aqPasswordAuthentication no\(aq -o \(aqStrictHostKeyChecking no\(aq"
.br

.sp 2
ssh options such as PasswordAuthentication and
StrictHostKeyChecking can also be configured in the global
SSH_ETC/ssh_config file or $HOME/.ssh/config.
.SH See also

.sp 2
ssh, ssh_config
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_SECUREDIR\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_SECUREDIR=\fR\fIpath\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Windows only; mandatory if using lsf.sudoers.
.sp 2
Path to the directory that contains the file lsf.sudoers (shared
on an NTFS file system).
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_SEND_CONFINFO_TCP_THRESHOLD\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_SEND_CONFINFO_TCP_THRESHOLD=\fR\fIsize_in_bytes\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Controls the transfer method (TCP or UDP) that the server host
LIM uses to send configuration information to the management host
LIM.
.sp 2
Configuring this parameter with an integer value uses TCP to send
the configuration information package if the package size is
greater than this value in bytes. Otherwise, it is sent through
UDP.
.SH Valid values

.sp 2
Specify any integer.
.SH Default

.sp 2
0. The server host LIM always uses TCP.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_SERVER_HOSTS\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_SERVER_HOSTS="\fR\fIhost_name\fR ...\fR"\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Defines one or more server hosts that the client should contact
to find a Load Information Manager (LIM). LSF server hosts are
hosts that run LSF daemons and provide loading-sharing services.
Client hosts are hosts that only run LSF commands or applications
but do not provide services to any hosts.
.sp 2
\fBImportant: \fR
.sp 2
LSF_SERVER_HOSTS is required for non-shared server hosts.
.sp 2
Use this parameter to ensure that commands execute successfully
when no LIM is running on the local host, or when the local LIM
has just started. The client contacts the LIM on one of the
LSF_SERVER_HOSTS and execute the command, provided that at least
one of the hosts defined in the list has a LIM that is up and
running.
.sp 2
If LSF_SERVER_HOSTS is not defined, the client tries to contact
the LIM on the local host.
.sp 2
The host names in LSF_SERVER_HOSTS must be enclosed in quotes and
separated by white space. For example:
.sp 2
LSF_SERVER_HOSTS="hostA hostD hostB"
.br

.sp 2
The parameter string can include up to 4094 characters for UNIX
or 255 characters for Windows.
.SH Interaction with LSF_MASTER_LIST

.sp 2
Starting in LSF 7, LSF_MASTER_LIST must be defined in lsf.conf.
You can use the same list of hosts, or a subset of the management
host list, in LSF_SERVER_HOSTS. If you include the primary
management host in LSF_SERVER_HOSTS, you should define it as the
last host of the list.
.sp 2
If LSF_ADD_CLIENTS is defined in install.config at installation,
lsfinstall automatically appends the hosts in LSF_MASTER_LIST to
the list of hosts in LSF_SERVER_HOSTS so that the primary
management host is last. For example:
.sp 2
LSF_MASTER_LIST="lsfmanagement hostE"
.br

.sp 2
LSF_SERVER_HOSTS="hostB hostC hostD hostE lsfmanagement"
.br

.sp 2
LSF_ADD_CLIENTS="clientHostA"
.br

.sp 2
The value of LSF_SERVER_HOSTS is not changed during upgrade.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSF_MASTER_LIST\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_SERVERDIR\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_SERVERDIR=\fR\fIdirectory\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Directory in which all server binaries and shell scripts are
installed.
.sp 2
These include lim, res, nios, sbatchd, mbatchd, and mbschd. If
you use elim, eauth, eexec, esub, etc, they are also installed in
this directory. If you use LSF Data Manager, the transfer scripts
are installed in this directory.
.SH Default

.sp 2
LSF_MACHDEP/etc
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSB_ECHKPNT_METHOD_DIR\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_SHELL_AT_USERS\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_SHELL_AT_USERS="\fR\fIuser_name user_name \fR...\fR"\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
\fBNote: \fRThis parameter is deprecated and might be removed in
a future version of LSF.
.sp 2
Applies to lstcsh only. Specifies users who are allowed to use
\fR@\fR for host redirection. Users not specified with this
parameter cannot use host redirection in lstcsh. To specify a
Windows user account, include the domain name in uppercase
letters (\fIDOMAIN_NAME\fR\\fIuser_name\fR).
.sp 2
If this parameter is not defined, all users are allowed to use
\fR@\fR for host redirection in lstcsh.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_SHIFT_JIS_INPUT\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_SHIFT_JIS_INPUT=y\fR | \fRn\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Enables LSF to accept Shift-JIS character encoding for job
information (for example, user names, queue names, job names, job
group names, project names, commands and arguments, esub
parameters, external messages, etc.)
.SH Default

.sp 2
n
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_STAGE_IN_EXEC\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Specifies the stage in script for direct data staging (for
example, IBM CAST burst buffer).
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fBLSF_STAGE_IN_EXEC=\fRscript_name
.SH Description

.sp 2
This script is run as root during the stage in process. The
specified script must be located in the $LSF_SERVERDIR directory.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_STAGE_OUT_EXEC\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Specifies the stage out script for direct data staging (for
example, IBM CAST burst buffer).
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fBLSB_STAGE_OUT_EXEC=\fRscript_name
.SH Description

.sp 2
This script is run as root during the stage out process. The
specified script must be located in the $LSF_SERVERDIR directory.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_STAGE_STORAGE\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Specifies the resource name to report available storage space for
direct data staging (for example, IBM CAST burst buffer).
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fBLSB_STAGE_STORAGE=\fRresource_name [total_resource_name]
.SH Description

.sp 2
Optionally, specify the resource name to report the total storage
space for direct data staging as the second resource name. This
prevents LSF from assigning more storage than is available
because the resource information is out of date. This can occur
for direct data staging jobs where the job handles the file
transfer instead of LSF because LSF cannot reliably predict the
storage usage for these jobs.
.sp 2
If both resource names are specified, the resource to report the
available storage must be configured as a dynamic, decreasing,
and numeric, while the resource to report the maximum storage
must be configured as numeric.
.sp 2
If only one resource name is specified, the resource must be
configured as a dynamic, decreasing resource. LSF assumes that
the total storage space on the host is the sum of the reported
available storage space, the reserved space, and the used space.
The reserved space is storage space that is assigned to jobs that
have a plan, but have not completed the stage in operation. The
used space is storage space that is assigned to jobs that
completed the stage in operation, but has not completed the stage
out operation.
.SH Examples

.sp 2
LSB_STAGE_STORAGE=ssd
.sp 2
The \fRssd\fR resource reports the available storage space. LSF
estimates that the total storage space available is the sum of
the available storage space, the storage space that is reserved
for planned jobs, and the storage space that is used by jobs that
completed the stage in operation (but not the stage out
operation).
.sp 2
LSB_STAGE_STORAGE=ssd ssd_max
.sp 2
The \fRssd\fR resource reports the available storage space. The
\fRssd_max\fR resource reports the total storage space.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSB_STAGE_TRANSFER_RATE\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Specifies the estimated data transfer rate for direct data
staging (for example, IBM CAST burst buffer). LSF uses this value
to calculate the predicted duration for data stage in.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fBLSB_STAGE_TRANSFER_RATE=\fRdata_transfer_rate
.SH Description

.sp 2
Specify the estimated data transfer rate in kilobits per second
(kbps).
.SH Default

.sp 2
1 gbps (1048576 kbps).
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_STRICT_CHECKING\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_STRICT_CHECKING=Y\fR | \fRN\fR | \fRENHANCED\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
If set to Y, enables more strict checking of communications
between LSF daemons and between LSF commands and daemons when LSF
is used in an untrusted environment, such as a public network
like the Internet.
.sp 2
If set to \fRENHANCED\fR, LSF also adds a checksum to each
authorization request in addition to enabling more strict
checking of communications between LSF daemons and between LSF
commands and daemons. This ensures that any authorization request
that is sent to LSF is identified if it is modified, which
prevents users from changing either the user credential or the
content of the LSF authentication requests.
.sp 2
If set to \fRN\fR, LSF does not have a checksum to each
authorization requires and does not use strict checking of
communications between LSF daemons and between LSF commands and
daemons. Do not set to \fRN\fR unless LSF is fully secure in a
trusted environment.
.sp 2
If you set this parameter, you must set it to the same value in
the entire cluster, as it affects all communications within LSF.
If it is used in a MultiCluster environment, it must either be
set to the same value in all clusters, or not set in any cluster.
Ensure that all binaries and libraries are upgraded to LSF
Version 10.1 Fix Pack 11, including \fBLSF_BINDIR\fR,
\fBLSF_SERVERDIR\fR, and \fBLSF_LIBDIR\fR directories, if you
enable this parameter.
.sp 2
If your site uses any programs that use the LSF base and batch
APIs, or LSF MPI (Message Passing Interface), they need to be
recompiled using the LSF Version 10.1 Fix Pack 11 APIs before
they can work properly with this option enabled.
.sp 2
\fBImportant: \fR
.sp 2
You must shut down the entire cluster before enabling or
disabling this parameter.
.sp 2
If \fBLSF_STRICT_CHECKING\fR is defined, and your cluster has
server hosts that are dynamically added,
\fBLSF_STRICT_CHECKING\fR must be configured in the local
lsf.conf file on all server hosts.
.SH Valid values

.sp 2
Set to \fRY\fR to enable strict checking of communications.
.sp 2
Set to \fRENHANCED\fR to enable both checksum-secured
authorization requests and strict checking of communications.
.sp 2
Set to \fRN\fR to disable both strict checking of communications
and checksum-secured authorization requests. Only set to \fRN\fR
if LSF is fully secure in a trusted environment.
.SH Default

.sp 2
\fRENHANCED\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_STRICT_RESREQ\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
When \fBLSF_STRICT_RESREQ=Y\fR, the resource requirement
selection string must conform to the stricter resource
requirement syntax
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_STRICT_RESREQ=Y\fR | \fRN\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
\fBNote: \fRThis parameter is now fixed at
\fRLSF_STRICT_RESREQ=Y\fR and might be removed in a future
version of LSF.
.sp 2
The strict resource requirement syntax is described in
Administering IBM Spectrum LSF. The strict resource requirement
syntax only applies to the select section. It does not apply to
the other resource requirement sections (\fRorder\fR,
\fRrusage\fR, \fRsame\fR, \fRspan\fR, or \fRcu\fR).
.sp 2
When the \fBLSF_STRICT_RESREQ=Y\fR parameter is specified in the
lsf.conf file, LSF rejects resource requirement strings with an
\fRrusage\fR section that contains a non-consumable resource.
.sp 2
When \fBLSF_STRICT_RESREQ=N\fR, the default resource requirement
selection string evaluation is performed.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Set to \fRY\fR at time of installation. If otherwise undefined,
then \fRN\fR.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_STRIP_DOMAIN\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_STRIP_DOMAIN=\fR\fIdomain_suffix\fR[\fR:\fR\fIdomain_suffix
 ...\fR]
.SH Description

.sp 2
(Optional) If all of the hosts in your cluster can be reached
using short host names, you can configure LSF to use the short
host names by specifying the portion of the domain name to
remove. If your hosts are in more than one domain or have more
than one domain name, you can specify more than one domain suffix
to remove, separated by a colon (:).
.sp 2
Example:
.sp 2
LSF_STRIP_DOMAIN=.example.com:.generic.com
.br

.sp 2
In the above example, LSF accepts \fRhostA\fR,
\fRhostA.example.com\fR, and \fRhostA.generic.com\fR as names for
\fRhostA\fR, and uses the name \fRhostA\fR in all output.
.sp 2
The leading period "\fR.\fR" is required.
.sp 2
Setting this parameter only affects host names displayed through
LSF, it does not affect DNS host lookup.
.sp 2
After adding or changing LSF_STRIP_DOMAIN, use lsadmin reconfig
and badmin mbdrestart to reconfigure your cluster.
.SH EGO parameter

.sp 2
EGO_STRIP_DOMAIN
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_TIME_CMD\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_TIME_CMD=\fR\fItimimg_level\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
The timing level for checking how long LSF commands run. Time
usage is logged in milliseconds. Specify a positive integer.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSB_TIME_MBD\fR, \fBLSB_TIME_SBD\fR, \fBLSB_TIME_CMD\fR,
\fBLSF_TIME_LIM\fR, \fBLSF_TIME_RES\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_TIME_LIM\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_TIME_LIM=\fR\fItiming_level\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
The timing level for checking how long LIM routines run.
.sp 2
Time usage is logged in milliseconds. Specify a positive integer.
.SH EGO parameter

.sp 2
EGO_TIME_LIM
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSB_TIME_CMD\fR, \fBLSB_TIME_MBD\fR, \fBLSB_TIME_SBD\fR,
\fBLSF_TIME_RES\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_TIME_PIM\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
The timing level for checking how long PIM routines run.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_TIME_PIM=\fR\fItiming_level\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Time usage is logged in milliseconds. Specify a positive integer.
.SH EGO parameterparameter

.sp 2
EGO_TIME_PIM
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSB_TIME_CMD\fR, \fBLSB_TIME_LIM\fR, \fBLSB_TIME_MBD\fR,
\fBLSB_TIME_SBD\fR, \fBLSF_TIME_RES\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_TIME_RES\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_TIME_RES=\fR\fItiming_level\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
The timing level for checking how long RES routines run.
.sp 2
Time usage is logged in milliseconds. Specify a positive integer.
.sp 2
LSF_TIME_RES is not supported on Windows.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSB_TIME_CMD\fR, \fBLSB_TIME_MBD\fR, \fBLSB_TIME_SBD\fR,
\fBLSF_TIME_LIM\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_TMPDIR\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_TMPDIR=\fR\fIdirectory\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Specifies the path and directory for temporary LSF internal
files. If LSB_JOB_TMPDIR is not set, a job-specific temporary
directory is also created under LSF_TMPDIR. For more details on
the job-specific temporary directory, refer to
\fBLSB_JOB_TMPDIR\fR.
.sp 2
When LSB_JOB_TMPDIR is not defined in lsf.conf, LSF uses the
directory specified by LSF_TMPDIR (or /tmp by default) on
execution host.
.SH Default

.sp 2
By default, LSF_TMPDIR is not enabled. If LSF_TMPDIR is not
specified in lsf.conf, this parameter is defined as follows:
.sp 2
*  On UNIX: $TMPDIR or /tmp
.sp 2
*  On Windows: %TMP%, %TEMP, or %SystemRoot%
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_UDP_PORT_RANGE\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_UDP_PORT_RANGE="\fR\fImin_port_number\fR\fR-\fR\fImax_port_number\fR\fR"\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
UDP port range to be used by the LSF daemons. The UDP socket for
the LSF daemons binds one port in the specified range.
.sp 2
For the minimum port number (\fImin_port_number\fR), specify an
integer in the range 1024 - 65526 . For the maximum port number
(\fImax_port_number\fR), specify an integer in the range 1033 -
65535. Include at least 10 ports in this range.
.sp 2
If not defined, LSF uses a random port in the range 1024 - 65535.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined.
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_UGROUP_TRANSFER\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
The default job execution model uses UNIX group information that
is set on the execution side and cannot be set by the user.
Setting the \fBLSF_UGROUP_TRANSFER\fR parameter enables users to
specify a supplementary group from the client side.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_UGROUP_TRANSFER=Y|y|N|n\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
When set to \fRY|y\fR, transfers secondary user groups from the
submission host to the execution host for job execution.
.sp 2
The order of a secondary user group is important since an NFS
limitation only checks the first 16 secondary user groups for
appropriate permission. Transferring the secondary group order
from the submission host to the execution host addresses this
limitation. However, the user must ensure the secondary user
group order on the submission host is valid for the job before
submission.
.sp 2
This does not affect primary user group behavior on the execution
host.
.sp 2
\fBNote: \fRWhen using LSF multicluster capability, you must set
this parameter to \fRY|y\fR on each cluster.
.sp 2
\fBNote: \fRThis feature does not work with container jobs (for
example, Docker).
.SH Default

.sp 2
N
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_UNIT_FOR_LIMITS\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Enables scaling of large units in the resource usage limits.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_UNIT_FOR_LIMITS=\fR\fIunit\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
You can scale limits for the following resource limits.
.sp 2
*  \fRcore\fR
.sp 2
*  \fRmem\fR
.sp 2
*  \fRstack\fR
.sp 2
*  \fRswp\fR
.sp 2
*  \fRtmp\fR
.sp 2
The default of KB for these limits might be too small for some
environments that make use of very large resource usage limits,
for example, GB or TB.
.sp 2
The \fBLSF_UNIT_FOR_LIMITS\fR parameter applies cluster-wide to
limits at the job-level (bsub command), queue-level (lsb.queues
file), and application level (lsb.applications file). This
parameter alters the meaning of all numeric values in the
lsb.resources file to match the specified unit in \fRgpool\fR,
and \fRlimits\fR. It also controls the resource \fRrusage\fR
attached to the job and the memory amount that defines the size
of a package in GSLA.
.sp 2
The limit unit that is specified by the \fBLSF_UNIT_FOR_LIMITS\fR
parameter also applies when limits are modified with the bmod
command. The limit unit also applies to the display of resource
usage limits in query commands (bacct, bapp, bhist, bhosts,
bjobs, bqueues, lsload, and lshosts).
.sp 2
By default, the \fRtmp\fR resource is not supported by the
\fBLSF_UNIT_FOR_LIMITS\fR parameter. Use the parameter
\fBLSF_ENABLE_TMP_UNIT=Y\fR to enable the
\fBLSF_UNIT_FOR_LIMITS\fR parameter to support limits on the
\fRtmp\fR resource.
.sp 2
\fBImportant: \fRBefore you change the units of your resource
usage limits, completely drain the cluster of all workload so
that no running, pending, or finished jobs are in the system.
.sp 2
In the LSF multicluster capability environment, configure the
same unit for all clusters.
.sp 2
\fBNote: \fROther limits (such as the file limit) are not
affected by setting the parameter \fBLSF_UNIT_FOR_LIMITS\fR.
.SH Example

.sp 2
A job is submitted with bsub -M 100 and the
\fBLSF_UNIT_FOR_LIMITS=GB\fR parameter is set. The memory limit
for the job is 100 GB rather than the default 100 MB.
.SH Valid values

.sp 2
The \fIunit\fR value indicates the unit for the resource usage
limit, one of:
.sp 2
*  KB or K (kilobytes)
.sp 2
*  MB or M (megabytes)
.sp 2
*  GB or G (gigabytes)
.sp 2
*  TB or T (terabytes)
.sp 2
*  PB or P (petabytes)
.sp 2
*  EB or E (exabytes)
.sp 2
*  ZB or Z (zettabytes)
.SH Default

.sp 2
Set to \fRMB\fR at time of installation. If the
\fBLSF_UNIT_FOR_LIMITS\fR parameter is not defined in the
lsf.conf file, the default settings are as follows:
.sp 2
*  bsub and bmod
.sp 2
   *  bsub -C: KB
.sp 2
   *  bmod -C : KB
.sp 2
   *  core_limit -M: KB
.sp 2
   *  mem_limit -S: KB
.sp 2
   *  stack_limit -v: KB
.sp 2
   *  swap_limit: KB
.sp 2
   *  bsub -R: MB
.sp 2
      *  mem, swp and tmp in RUSAGE and select sections: MB
.sp 2
*  lsb.applications
.sp 2
   *  CORELIMIT, MEMLIMIT, STACKLIMIT, SWAPLIMIT: KB
.sp 2
   *  RES_REQ
.sp 2
      *  mem, swp, and tmp in RUSAGE and select sections: MB
.sp 2
*  lsb.queues
.sp 2
   *  CORELIMIT, MEMLIMIT, STACKLIMIT, SWAPLIMIT: KB
.sp 2
   *  RES_REQ
.sp 2
      *  mem, swp, and tmp in RUSAGE and select sections: MB
.sp 2
   *  mem, swp, and tmp in RESRSV_LIMIT: MB
.sp 2
   *  MEM and SWP that is configured in RSRC, found in
      APS_PRIORITY: MB
.sp 2
*  lsb.resources
.sp 2
   *  MEM, SWP and TMP in Limit section: MB
.sp 2
   *  mem for package resource TYPE in Guaranteed section: MB
.sp 2
   *  MEM and SWP in the Host Export section: MB
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_USE_HOSTEQUIV\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_USE_HOSTEQUIV=y\fR | \fRY\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
(UNIX only; optional)
.sp 2
If LSF_USE_HOSTEQUIV is defined, RES and mbatchd call the
\fRruserok()\fR function to decide if a user is allowed to run
remote jobs.
.sp 2
The \fRruserok()\fR function checks in the /etc/hosts.equiv file
and the user’s $HOME/.rhosts file to decide if the user has
permission to execute remote jobs.
.sp 2
If LSF_USE_HOSTEQUIV is not defined, all normal users in the
cluster can execute remote jobs on any host.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBLSF_ROOT_REX\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_USER_DOMAIN\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fBLSF_USER_DOMAIN=\fRdomain_name:domain_name:domain_name... .
.SH Description

.sp 2
Enables the UNIX/Windows user account mapping feature, which
allows cross-platform job submission and execution in a mixed
UNIX/Windows environment. LSF_USER_DOMAIN specifies one or more
Windows domains that LSF either strips from the user account name
when a job runs on a UNIX host, or adds to the user account name
when a job runs on a Windows host.
.sp 2
\fBImportant: \fR
.sp 2
Configure \fBLSF_USER_DOMAIN\fR immediately after you install
LSF; changing this parameter in an existing cluster requires that
you verify and possibly reconfigure service accounts, user group
memberships, and user passwords.
.sp 2
Specify one or more Windows domains, separated by a colon (:).
You can enter an unlimited number of Windows domains. A period
(.) specifies a local account, not a domain.
.SH Examples

.sp 2
\fBLSF_USER_DOMAIN\fR=BUSINESS
.sp 2
\fBLSF_USER_DOMAIN\fR=BUSINESS:ENGINEERING:SUPPORT
.SH Default

.sp 2
The default depends on your LSF installation:
.sp 2
*  
   If you upgrade a cluster to LSF version 7, the default is the
   existing value of \fBLSF_USER_DOMAIN\fR, if defined
.sp 2
*  
   For a new cluster, this parameter is not defined, and
   UNIX/Windows user account mapping is not enabled
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_VPLUGIN\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
The full path to the vendor MPI library libxmpi.so.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_VPLUGIN=\fR\fIpath\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
This path is used with LSF HPC features.
.SH Examples

.sp 2
*  IBM Spectrum LSF MPI:
   LSF_VPLUGIN=/opt/mpi/lib/pa1.1/libmpirm.sl
.sp 2
*  MPI: LSF_VPLUGIN=/usr/lib32/libxmpi.so
.sp 2
*  Linux (64-bit x-86 Linux 2.6, glibc 2.3.):
   LSF_VPLUGIN=/usr/lib32/libxmpi.so:/usr/lib/libxmpi.so:
   /usr/lib64/libxmpi.so
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_WINDOWS_HOST_TYPES\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fBLSF_WINDOWS_HOST_TYPES=\fR\fR"HostType1 HostType2 HostType3
 ..."\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Use this parameter to set the Windows host type in mixed cluster
environments, with a UNIX management host and Windows clients.
Set \fBLSF_WINDOWS_HOST_TYPES\fR in lsf.conf to configure Windows
host types.
.sp 2
If not defined (and Windows clients are other than the default
(NTX86, NTX64, and NTIA64), running lspasswd on the Windows
server returns an error message.
.sp 2
Except for "NTX86", "NTX64, and "NTIA64", all Windows host types
defined in \fBLSF_WINDOWS_HOST_TYPES\fR must be defined in the
HostType section in lsf.shared file. If not defined in HostType,
LSF issues a warning message (except for the three default types)
when starting or restarting lim.
.sp 2
After changing \fBLSF_WINDOWS_HOST_TYPES\fR, run bctrld restart
lim for changes to take effect.
.SH Examples

.sp 2
If \fBLSF_WINDOWS_HOST_TYPES=\fR\fR"NTX86 NTX64 aaa"\fR but
\fR"aaa"\fR is not defined in lsf.shared. After lim startup, the
log file will show:
.sp 2
\fRFeb 27 05:09:10 2013 15150 3 1.2.7 dotypelist():
/.../conf/lsf.shared: The host type defined by
LSF_WINDOWS_HOST_TYPES aaa should also be defined in
lsf.shared.\fR
.SH Default

.sp 2
\fBLSF_WINDOWS_HOST_TYPES=\fR\fR"NTX86 NTX64 NTIA64"\fR
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBMC_PLUGIN_REMOTE_RESOURCE\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRMC_PLUGIN_REMOTE_RESOURCE=y\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
MultiCluster job forwarding model only. By default, the
submission cluster does not consider remote resources. Define
\fRMC_PLUGIN_REMOTE_RESOURCE=y\fR in the submission cluster to
allow consideration of remote resources.
.sp 2
\fBNote: \fR
.sp 2
When MC_PLUGIN_REMOTE_RESOURCE is defined, only the following
resource requirements (boolean only) are supported: \fR-R
"type==\fItype_name\fR"\fR, \fR-R "same[type]"\fR and \fR-R
"defined(\fIresource_name\fR)"\fR
.sp 2
\fBNote: \fR
.sp 2
When \fBMC_PLUGIN_SCHEDULE_ENHANCE\fR in lsb.params is defined,
remote resources are considered as if
\fRMC_PLUGIN_REMOTE_RESOURCE=Y\fR regardless of the actual value.
In addition, details of the remote cluster workload are
considered by the submission cluster scheduler.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined. The submission cluster does not consider remote
resources.
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fBMC_PLUGIN_SCHEDULE_ENHANCE\fR in lsb.params
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBMQTT_BROKER_HOST\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
For LSF resource connector. If you do not use the MQTT message
broker daemon (mosquitto) that is provided with LSF, specifies
the host name that mosquitto runs on. The MQTT message broker
receives provider host information from ebrokerd and publishes
that information for the bhosts -rc and bhosts -rconly command
options to display.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRMQTT_BROKER_HOST=\fIhost_name\fR\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
If you use an existing MQTT message broker, use the
\fBMQTT_BROKER_HOST\fR parameter to specify the host that runs
the mosquitto daemon. You can also optionally specify a port for
the MQTT broker with the \fBMQTT_BROKER_PORT\fR parameter.
.sp 2
After configuring this parameter, run badmin mbdrestart on the
management host to restart ebrokerd.
.SH Example

.sp 2
MQTT_BROKER_HOST=hosta
.SH Default

.sp 2
Not defined.
.SH See also

.sp 2
*  \fBEBROKERD_HOST_CLEAN_DELAY\fR
.sp 2
*  \fBLSF_MQ_BROKER_HOSTS\fR
.sp 2
*  \fBMQTT_BROKER_PORT\fR
.sp 2
*  bhosts -rc and bhosts -rconly
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBMQTT_BROKER_PORT\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
For LSF resource connector. If you do not use the MQTT message
broker daemon (mosquitto) that is provided with LSF, specifies
the TCP port for the MQTT message broker daemon (mosquitto). The
MQTT message broker receives provider host information from
ebrokerd and publishes that information for the bhosts -rc and
bhosts -rconly command options to display.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRMQTT_BROKER_PORT=\fIport_number\fR\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
After configuring this parameter, run badmin mbdrestart on the
management host to restart ebrokerd.
.sp 2
If you use the mosquitto daemon from the LSF distribution, and
you define a port that is not the default 1883, you also must
define the port in $LSF_ENVDIR/mosquitto.conf. LIM then starts
the mosquitto daemon with the non-default port and ebrokerd
connects the MQTT broker via the port defined in the lsf.conf
file.
.sp 2
If you are using an external mosquitto daemon, the port number
you define in \fBMQTT_BROKER_PORT\fR must be the same port in the
external mosquitto.conf file.
.SH Example

.sp 2
MQTT_BROKER_PORT=4477
.SH Default

.sp 2
1883.
.SH See also

.sp 2
*  \fBEBROKERD_HOST_CLEAN_DELAY\fR
.sp 2
*  \fBLSF_MQ_BROKER_HOSTS\fR
.sp 2
*  \fBMQTT_BROKER_HOST\fR
.sp 2
*  bhosts -rc and bhosts -rconly
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBXLSF_APPDIR\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRXLSF_APPDIR=\fR\fIdirectory\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
(UNIX only; optional) Directory in which X application default
files for LSF products are installed.
.sp 2
The LSF commands that use X look in this directory to find the
application defaults. Users do not need to set environment
variables to use the LSF X applications. The application default
files are platform-independent.
.SH Default

.sp 2
LSF_INDEP/misc
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf

.ad l

.TH lsf.conf 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBXLSF_UIDDIR\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRXLSF_UIDDIR=\fR\fIdirectory\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
(UNIX only) Directory in which Motif User Interface Definition
files are stored.
.sp 2
These files are platform-specific.
.SH Default

.sp 2
LSF_LIBDIR/uid
.sp 2
Parent topic: lsf.conf
