
.ad l

.TH server.config 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBserver.config\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
The server.config file contains options for installing and
configuring a server host that can be dynamically added or
removed.
.sp 2
Dynamically added LSF hosts that are not management candidate
hosts are \fIserver hosts\fR. Each dynamic server host has its
own LSF binary files, local lsf.conf file, and shell environment
script files (cshrc.lsf and profile.lsf). You must install LSF on
each server host.
.sp 2
Use the lsfinstall -s -f server.config command to install LSF
with the options that are specified in theserver.config file.
.SH Template location

.sp 2
A template server.config file is located in the installation
script directory that is created when you extract the installer
script package. Edit the file and uncomment the options that you
want in the template file. Replace the example values with your
own settings to specify the options for your new LSF
installation.
.sp 2
\fBImportant: \fR
.sp 2
The sample values in the server.config template file are examples
only. They are not default installation values.
.SH Format

.sp 2
Each entry in the server.config file has the form:
.sp 2
NAME="STRING1 STRING2 ..."
.br

.sp 2
Do not use spaces around the equal sign \fR=\fR, which must
follow each \fRNAME\fR even if no value follows.
.sp 2
A value that contains multiple strings that are separated by
spaces must be enclosed in quotation marks.
.sp 2
Blank lines and lines that begin with a number sign (\fR#\fR) are
ignored.
.SH Parameters

.sp 2
*  EGO_DAEMON_CONTROL
.sp 2
*  ENABLE_EGO
.sp 2
*  EP_BACKUP
.sp 2
*  LSF_ADMINS
.sp 2
*  LSF_ENTITLEMENT_FILE
.sp 2
*  LSF_LIM_PORT
.sp 2
*  LSF_SERVER_HOSTS
.sp 2
*  LSF_TARDIR
.sp 2
*  LSF_LOCAL_RESOURCES
.sp 2
*  LSF_TOP
.sp 2
*  
   SILENT_INSTALL
.sp 2
*  
   LSF_SILENT_INSTALL_TARLIST
.sp 2
Parent topic: Configuration files
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBEGO_DAEMON_CONTROL\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Enables EGO to control the LSF res and sbatchd daemons.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fREGO_DAEMON_CONTROL="Y"\fR | \fR"N"\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Set the value to \fR"Y"\fR if you want the EGO service controller
to start the res and sbatchd daemons, and restart if they fail.
.sp 2
All hosts in the cluster must use the same value for this
parameter. Therefore, the value of the \fBEGO_DAEMON_CONTROL\fR
parameter in the server.config file must be the same as the
specification for the \fBEGO_DAEMON_CONTROL\fR parameter in the
install.config file).
.sp 2
To avoid conflicts, leave this parameter undefined if you use a
script to start the LSF daemons.
.sp 2
\fBNote: \fR
.sp 2
If you specify \fBENABLE_EGO="N"\fR, this parameter is ignored.
.SH Example

.sp 2
\fREGO_DAEMON_CONTROL="N"\fR
.SH Default

.sp 2
N (the res and sbatchd daemons are started manually)
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBENABLE_EGO\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Enables EGO functions in the LSF cluster.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRENABLE_EGO="Y"\fR | \fR"N"\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
\fB\fRENABLE_EGO="Y"\fB\fR
.br
         Causes the lsfinstall command to uncomment the
         \fBLSF_EGO_ENVDIR\fR parameter and sets the
         \fBLSF_ENABLE_EGO\fR parameter to \fR"Y"\fR in the
         lsf.conf file.
.sp 2
\fB\fRENABLE_EGO="N"\fB\fR
.br
         Causes the lsfinstall command to comment out the
         \fBLSF_EGO_ENVDIR\fR parameter and sets the
         \fBLSF_ENABLE_EGO\fR parameter to \fR"N"\fR in the
         lsf.conf file.
.sp 2
Set the value to \fR"Y"\fR to take advantage of the following LSF
features that depend on EGO:
.sp 2
*  LSF daemon control by the EGO service controller
.sp 2
*  EGO enabled SLA scheduling
.SH Default

.sp 2
N (EGO is disabled in the LSF cluster)
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBEP_BACKUP\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Enables backup and rollback for enhancement packs.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fREP_BACKUP\fR="Y" | "N"
.SH Description

.sp 2
Set the value to \fR"N"\fR to disable backups when you install
enhancement packs. You will not be able to roll back to the
previous patch level after you install an enhancement pack, but
you will still be able to roll back any fixes that are installed
on the new enhancement pack.
.sp 2
You might disable backups to speed up installation time, to save
disk space, or because you have your own methods to back up the
cluster.
.SH Default

.sp 2
Y (backup and rollback are fully enabled)
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_ADMINS\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Required. List of LSF administrators.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_ADMINS="\fR\fIuser_name \fR[ \fIuser_name ... \fR]\fR"\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
The first user account name in the list is the primary LSF
administrator. It cannot be the root user account.
.sp 2
Typically this account is named lsfadmin. It owns the LSF
configuration files and log files for job events. It also has
permission to reconfigure LSF and to control batch jobs that are
submitted by other users. It typically does not have authority to
start LSF daemons. Usually, only root has permission to start LSF
daemons.
.sp 2
All the LSF administrator accounts must exist on all hosts in the
cluster before you install LSF. Secondary LSF administrators are
optional.
.SH Valid Values

.sp 2
Existing user accounts
.SH Example

.sp 2
LSF_ADMINS="lsfadmin user1 user2"
.br

.SH Default

.sp 2
None - required variable
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_ENTITLEMENT_FILE\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Full path to the LSF entitlement file.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_ENTITLEMENT_FILE=\fR\fIpath\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
LSF uses the entitlement to determine which feature set to enable
or disable based on the edition of the product. The entitlement
file for LSF Standard Edition is lsf_std_entitlement.dat. For LSF
Express Edition, the file is lsf_exp_entitlement.dat. For LSF
Advanced Edition, the file is lsf_adv_entitlement.dat. The
entitlement file is installed as
<\fILSF_TOP\fR>/conf/lsf.entitlement.
.sp 2
You must download the entitlement file for the edition of the
product you are running, and set \fBLSF_ENTITLEMENT_FILE\fR to
the full path to the entitlement file you downloaded.
.sp 2
After LSF is installed and running, run the lsid command to see
which edition of LSF is enabled.
.SH Example

.sp 2
\fBLSF_ENTITLEMENT_FILE=\fR/usr/share/lsf_distrib/lsf.entitlement
.SH Default

.sp 2
None - required variable
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_LIM_PORT\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
TCP service port for the server host.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_LIM_PORT="\fR\fIport_number\fR\fR"\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Use the same port number as the value of the \fBLSF_LIM_PORT\fR
parameter in the lsf.conf file on the management host.
.SH Default

.sp 2
7869
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_SERVER_HOSTS\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Required for non-shared server host installation. This parameter
defines a list of hosts that can provide host and load
information to client hosts.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_SERVER_HOSTS="\fR\fIhost_name \fR[ \fIhost_name
 ...\fR]\fR"\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
If you do not define this parameter, clients contact the
management host LIM for host and load information. List of LSF
server hosts in the cluster to be contacted.
.sp 2
Define this parameter for large clusters to decrease the load on
the management host LIM. Do not specify the management host in
the list. Client commands query the LIMs on these defined hosts,
which offload traffic from the management host LIM.
.sp 2
Define this parameter to ensure that commands run successfully
when no LIM is running on the local host, or when the local LIM
is started.
.sp 2
Include the list of hosts that are defined in the
\fBLSF_MASTER_LIST\fR parameter in the lsf.conf file; specify the
primary management host last. For example,
.sp 2
LSF_MASTER_LIST="lsfmanagement hostE"
.br

.sp 2
LSF_SERVER_HOSTS="hostB hostC hostD hostE lsfmanagement"
.br

.sp 2
Specify a list of host names two ways:
.sp 2
*  Host names that are separated by spaces
.sp 2
*  Name of a file that contains a list of host names, one host
   per line.
.SH Valid Values

.sp 2
Any valid LSF host name
.SH Examples

.sp 2
The following definition specifies a list of host names:
.sp 2
LSF_SERVER_HOSTS="hosta hostb hostc hostd"
.sp 2
The following definition specifies a host list file:
.sp 2
LSF_SERVER_HOSTS=:lsf_server_hosts
.sp 2
The lsf_server_hosts file contains a list of hosts:
.sp 2
hosta hostb hostc hostd
.SH Default

.sp 2
None
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_TARDIR\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Full path to the directory that contains the LSF distribution
.tar files.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_TARDIR="/\fR\fIpath\fR\fR"\fR
.SH Example

.sp 2
LSF_TARDIR="/usr/local/lsf_distrib"
.br

.SH Default

.sp 2
The parent directory of the current working directory. For
example, if the lsfinstall command is running under the
usr/share/lsf_distrib/lsf_lsfinstall directory, the default value
for the \fBLSF_TARDIR\fR parameter is usr/share/lsf_distrib.
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_LOCAL_RESOURCES\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Defines instances of local resources on the server host.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_LOCAL_RESOURCES="\fR\fIresource\fR ...\fR"\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
*  For numeric resources, define name-value pairs:
.sp 2
   "[resourcemap value*resource_name]"
.br

.sp 2
*  For Boolean resources, define the resource name in the form:
.sp 2
   "[resource resource_name]"
.br

.sp 2
When the server host calls the management host to add itself, it
also reports its local resources. The local resources to be added
must be defined in the lsf.shared file.
.sp 2
If the same resource is already defined in the lsf.shared file as
default or all, it cannot be added as a local resource. The
shared resource overrides the local one.
.sp 2
\fBTip: \fR
.sp 2
The \fBLSF_LOCAL_RESOURCES\fR parameter is set in the
server.config file during installation. If the
\fBLSF_LOCAL_RESOURCES\fR parameter is already defined in a local
lsf.conf file on the server host, the lsfinstall command does not
add resources that you define in the \fBLSF_LOCAL_RESOURCES\fR
parameter in the server.config file. Do not have duplicate
\fBLSF_LOCAL_RESOURCES\fR entries in the lsf.conf file. If local
resources are defined more than once, only the last definition is
valid.
.sp 2
\fBImportant: \fR
.sp 2
Resources must already be mapped to hosts in the ResourceMap
section of the lsf.cluster.\fIcluster_name\fR file. If the
ResourceMap section does not exist, local resources are not
added.
.SH Example

.sp 2
LSF_LOCAL_RESOURCES="[resourcemap 1*verilog] [resource linux]"
.br

.SH Default

.sp 2
None
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_TOP\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Required. Full path to the top level LSF installation directory.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_TOP="/\fR\fIpath\fR\fR"\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
\fBImportant: \fRYou must use the same path for every server host
you install.
.SH Valid value

.sp 2
The \fBLSF_TOP\fR file path cannot be the root directory (/).
.SH Example

.sp 2
LSF_TOP="/usr/local/lsf"
.br

.SH Default

.sp 2
None - required variable 
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBSILENT_INSTALL\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Enables silent installation.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRSILENT_INSTALL="Y"\fR | \fR"N"\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Enabling the silent installation (that is, setting this parameter
to \fRY\fR) means that you want to do the silent installation and
accept the license agreement.
.SH Default

.sp 2
N
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBLSF_SILENT_INSTALL_TARLIST\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
A string that contains all LSF package names to be installed.
.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLSF_SILENT_INSTALL_TARLIST="ALL" | "Package_Name ..." \fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
This name list applies only to the silent installation mode.
Supports keywords all, ALL, and All, which can install all
packages in the \fBLSF_TARDIR\fR directory.
.SH Example

.sp 2
\fBLSF_SILENT_INSTALL_TARLIST=\fR\fR"ALL" |
"lsf10.110.1.0.9_linux2.6-glibc2.3-x86_64.tar.Z" \fR
.sp 2
\fBLSF_SILENT_INSTALL_TARLIST=\fR\fR"ALL" |
"lsf10.110.1.0.9_linux2.6-glibc2.3-x86_64.tar.Z" \fR
.SH Default

.sp 2
None