
.ad l

.TH setup.config 5 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBsetup.config\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH About setup.config

.sp 2
The setup.config file contains options for License Scheduler
installation and configuration for systems without LSF. You only
need to edit this file if you are installing License Scheduler as
a standalone product without LSF.
.SH Template location

.sp 2
A template setup.config is included in the License Scheduler
installation script tar file and is located in the directory
created when you uncompress and extract the installation script
tar file. Edit the file and uncomment the options you want in the
template file. Replace the example values with your own settings
to specify the options for your new License Scheduler
installation.
.sp 2
\fBImportant: \fRThe sample values in the setup.config template
file are examples only. They are not default installation values.
.sp 2
After the License Scheduler installation, the setup.config
containing the options you specified is located in
LS_TOP/10.1/install/.
.SH Format

.sp 2
Each entry in setup.config has the form:
.sp 2
NAME="STRING1 STRING2 ..."
.br

.sp 2
The equal sign \fR=\fR must follow each \fRNAME\fR even if no
value follows and there should be no spaces around the equal
sign.
.sp 2
A value that contains multiple strings separated by spaces must
be enclosed in quotation marks.
.sp 2
Blank lines and lines starting with a pound sign (\fR#\fR) are
ignored.
.SH Parameters

.sp 2
*  
   LS_ADMIN
.sp 2
*  
   LS_HOSTS
.sp 2
*  
   LS_LMSTAT_PATH
.sp 2
*  
   LS_TOP
.sp 2
Parent topic: Configuration files
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBLS_ADMIN\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLS_ADMIN\fR="\fIuser_name \fR[\fIuser_name ... \fR]"
.SH Description

.sp 2
Lists the License Scheduler administrators. The first user
account name in the list is the primary License Scheduler
administrator.
.sp 2
The primary License Scheduler administrator account is typically
named lsadmin.
.sp 2
\fBCAUTION: \fRYou should \fInot\fR configure the root account as
the primary License Scheduler administrator.
.SH Valid Values

.sp 2
User accounts for License Scheduler administrators must exist on
all hosts using License Scheduler prior to installation.
.SH Example

.sp 2
LS_ADMINS="lsadmin user1 user2"
.br

.SH Default

.sp 2
The user running the License Scheduler installation script.
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBLS_HOSTS\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLS_HOSTS\fR="\fIhost_name\fR [\fIhost_name\fR ... ]"
.SH Description

.sp 2
Defines a list of hosts that are candidates to become License
Scheduler management hosts. Provide at least one host from which
the License Scheduler daemon will run.
.SH Valid Values

.sp 2
Any valid License Scheduler host name.
.SH Example

.sp 2
LS_HOSTS="host_name1 host_name2"
.br

.SH Default

.sp 2
The local host in which the License Scheduler installation script
is running.
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBLS_LMSTAT_PATH\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLS_LMSTAT_PATH\fR="/\fIpath\fR"
.SH Description

.sp 2
Defines the full path to the lmstat program. License Scheduler
uses lmstat to gather the FlexNet license information for
scheduling. This path does not include the name of the lmstat
program itself.
.SH Example

.sp 2
LS_LMSTAT_PATH="/usr/bin"
.br

.SH Default

.sp 2
The installation script attempts to find a working copy of lmstat
on the current system. If it is unsuccessful, the path is set as
blank ("").
.sp 2

.ce 1000
\fBLS_TOP\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2

.SH Syntax

.sp 2
\fRLS_TOP\fR="/\fIpath\fR"
.SH Description

.sp 2
Defines the full path to the top level License Scheduler
installation directory.
.SH Valid Values

.sp 2
Must be an absolute path to a shared directory that is accessible
to all hosts using License Scheduler. Cannot be the root
directory (/).
.SH Recommended Value

.sp 2
The file system containing LS_TOP must have enough disk space for
all host types (approximately 1.5 GB per host type).
.SH Example

.sp 2
LS_TOP="/usr/share/ls"
.br

.SH Default

.sp 2
None — required variable