
.ad l

.TH battr 1 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBbattr\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Provides a set of subcommands to manage LSF host attributes for
attribute affinity scheduling.
.sp 2

.SH Synopsis

.sp 2
\fBbattr\fR subcommand [options] [arguments] [\fB-h\fR |
\fB-V\fR]
.SH Description

.sp 2
Use the battr command to create, delete, or show LSF host
attributes. LSF can use host attributes to determine which hosts
are the preferred execution hosts for jobs.
.sp 2
Information about each subcommand is available through the -h
option.
.sp 2
Only users that are defined by the \fBATTR_CREATE_USERS\fR
parameter in the lsb.params file can create and delete
attributes. If this parameter is not defined or is set to
\fRnone\fR, no users have permission to create and delete
attributes.
.sp 2
LSF has a limit on the total number of attributes in the cluster
as specified by the \fBATTR_MAX_NUM\fR parameter in the
lsb.params file. In addition, attributes have a time-to-live
(TTL) value that is specified by the \fBATTR_TTL\fR parameter in
the lsb.params file.
.SH Subcommand synopsis

.sp 2
\fBbattr create -m "\fRhost_name ...\fB"\fR [\fB-d
"\fRdescription\fB"\fR] attr_name ...
.sp 2
\fBbattr delete -m "\fRhost_name ... | \fBall"\fR attr_name ...
.sp 2
\fBbattr show\fR [\fB-w\fR] [\fB -m "\fRhost_name ...\fB"\fR]
[\fB -u \fRuser_name] [attr_name ...]
.sp 2
\fBbattr -h\fR
.sp 2
\fBbattr -V\fR
.SH Options

.sp 2
\fB\fIsubcommand\fB\fR
.br
         Runs the specified subcommand. See the Usage section.
.sp 2
\fB-h\fR
.br
         Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
\fB-V\fR
.br
         Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
\fBbattr create -m "\fRhost_name ...\fB"\fR [\fB-d
"\fRdescription\fB"\fR] attr_name ...
.SH Usage

.sp 2
\fBcreate -m "\fIhost_name\fB ..." [-d "\fIdescription\fB"]
\fIattr_name\fB ...\fR
.br
         Creates the specified attributes on the specified hosts.
         Use a space to separate attribute names. Valid attribute
         names meet the following requirements:
.sp 2
         *  Must begin with a letter
.sp 2
         *  Can contain alphanumeric characters, underscores
            (\fR_\fR), hyphens (\fR-\fR), dots (\fR.\fR), or
            equal signs (\fR=\fR).
.sp 2
         *  Length is less than 40 characters
.sp 2
         \fB-d\fR
.br
                  Specifies a description for the attributes.
.sp 2
         \fB-m "host_name ..."\fR
.br
                  Required. Specifies the hosts in which to
                  create the attributes. Use a space to separate
                  multiple host names. You can specify the names
                  in condensed host formats. You cannot specify
                  host groups, remote (lease-in) hosts, or client
                  hosts.
.sp 2
\fBdelete -m "\fIhost_name\fB ... | all" \fIattr_name\fB ...\fR
.br
         Deletes the specified attributes from the specified
         hosts. Use a space to separate multiple attribute names.
         The cluster administrator and the root user can delete
         any attributes, but normal users can only delete
         attributes that are created by the same user.
.sp 2
         If the normal user is removed from the
         \fBATTR_CREATE_USERS\fR parameter in the lsb.params
         file, that user can no longer delete attributes.
.sp 2
         \fB-m "\fIhost_name\fB ... | all"\fR
.br
                  Required. Specifies the hosts from which to
                  delete the attributes. Use a space to separate
                  multiple host names or use the \fRall\fR
                  keyword to specify all hosts in the cluster. If
                  the \fRall\fR keyword is used by a normal user,
                  the -m option only deletes the attributes from
                  hosts if the specified attributes were created
                  by that user on the host, leaving the
                  attributes that were created by other users
                  intact on the other hosts. If the \fRall\fR
                  keyword is used by root or the cluster
                  administrator, the specified attributes are
                  deleted from all hosts.
.sp 2
                  You can specify the host names in condensed
                  host formats. You cannot specify host groups,
                  remote (lease-in) hosts, or client hosts.
.sp 2
\fBshow [-w] [-m "\fIhost_name\fB ..."] [-u \fIuser_name\fB]
[\fIattr_name\fB ...]\fR
.br
         Shows attributes in the cluster. Use a space to separate
         multiple attribute names. If there are no specified
         attribute names, this command displays a warning
         message.
.sp 2
         \fB-w\fR
.br
                  Wide format. Displays attribute information
                  without truncating fields.
.sp 2
         \fB-u \fIuser_name\fB\fR
.br
                  Specifies the user that created the attributes
                  that this command displays.
.sp 2
         \fB-m "\fIhost_name\fB ..."\fR
.br
                  Specifies the hosts whose attributes this
                  command displays. Use a space to separate
                  multiple host names. You can specify the names
                  in condensed host formats. You cannot specify
                  host groups, remote (lease-in) hosts, or client
                  hosts.