
.ad l

.TH bbot 1 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBbbot\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Moves a pending job to the bottom of the queue relative to the
last job in the queue.
.sp 2

.SH Synopsis

.sp 2
\fBbbot \fR [\fB-u\fR] job_ID |
\fB"\fRjob_ID\fB[\fRindex_list\fB]"\fR [position]
.sp 2
\fBbbot\fR \fB-h\fR | \fB-V\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Changes the queue position of a pending job or job array element
to affect the order in which jobs are considered for dispatch.
.sp 2
By default, LSF dispatches jobs in a queue in the order of
arrival (that is, first-come, first-served), subject to
availability of suitable server hosts.
.sp 2
The bbot command allows users and the LSF administrator to
manually change the order in which jobs are considered for
dispatch. Users can operate only on their own jobs. LSF
administrators can operate on any jobs.
.sp 2
If used by the LSF administrator, the bbot command moves the
selected job after the last job with the same priority in the
queue.
.sp 2
If used by a user, the bbot command moves the selected job after
the last job submitted by the user with the same priority in the
queue.
.sp 2
Pending jobs are displayed by the bjobs command in the order that
they are considered for dispatch.
.sp 2
You can use the bbot command to change the dispatch order of
fairshare jobs. However, if a fairshare job is moved by the LSF
administrator with the btopcommand, the job is not subject to
fairshare scheduling unless the same job is later moved by the
LSF administrator with the bbotcommand. In this case, the job is
scheduled again with the same fairshare policy.
.sp 2
To prevent users from changing the queue position of a pending
job with the bbot command, configure the
\fBJOB_POSITION_CONTROL_BY_ADMIN=Y\fR parameter in the lsb.params
file.
.sp 2
You cannot run the bbot command on jobs that are pending in an
absolute priority scheduling (APS) queue.
.SH Options

.sp 2
\fB-u\fR
.br
         Optional. When specified, allows jobs to be moved
         relative to the normal user\(aqs own job list. This option
         can only be used by the LSF administrator. If used by a
         normal user, this option is ignored.
.sp 2
\fB\fIjob_ID\fB | "\fIjob_ID\fB[\fIindex_list\fB]"\fR
.br
         Required. Job ID of the job or job array on which to
         operate.
.sp 2
         For a job array, the index list, the square brackets,
         and the quotation marks are required. An index list is
         used to operate on a job array. The index list is a
         comma-separated list whose elements have the following
         syntax:
.sp 2
         start_index[-end_index[:step]]
.sp 2
         The \fIstart_index\fR, \fIend_index\fR, and \fIstep\fR
         values are positive integers. If the step is omitted, a
         step of one is assumed. The job array index starts at
         one. The maximum job array index is 1000. All jobs in
         the array have the same job ID and parameters. Each
         element of the array is distinguished by its array
         index.
.sp 2
\fB\fIposition\fB\fR
.br
         Optional. The position argument can be specified to
         indicate where in the queue the job is to be placed. The
         value of \fIposition\fR is a positive number that
         indicates the target position of the job from the end of
         the queue. The positions are relative to only the
         applicable jobs in the queue, depending on whether the
         invoker is a regular user or the LSF administrator. The
         default value of 1 means the position is after all other
         jobs with the same priority.
.sp 2
\fB-h\fR
.br
         Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
\fB-V\fR
.br
         Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.SH See also

.sp 2
bjobs, bswitch, btop, \fBJOB_POSITION_CONTROL_BY_ADMIN\fR
parameter in the lsb.params file