
.ad l

.TH bchkpnt 1 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBbchkpnt\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Checkpoints one or more checkpointable jobs
.sp 2

.SH Synopsis

.sp 2
\fBbchkpnt\fR [\fB-f\fR] [\fB-k\fR] [\fB-app\fR
application_profile_name] [\fB-p\fR minutes | \fB-p 0\fR] job_ID
| \fB"\fRjob_ID\fB[\fRindex_list\fB]"\fR ...
.sp 2
\fBbchkpnt\fR [\fB-f\fR] [\fB-k\fR] [\fB-app\fR
application_profile_name] [\fB-p\fR minutes | \fB-p 0\fR]
\fB-J\fR job_name |\fB-m\fR host_name | \fB-m\fR host_group
|\fB-q\fR queue_name |\fB-u\fR \fB"\fRuser_name\fB"\fR | \fB-u
all\fR [\fB0\fR]
.sp 2
\fBbchkpnt\fR \fB-h\fR | \fB-V\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Checkpoints the most recently submitted running or suspended
checkpointable job.
.sp 2
LSF administrators and root can checkpoint jobs that are
submitted by other users.
.sp 2
Jobs continue to run after they are checkpointed.
.sp 2
LSF runs the echkpnt executable file that is found in the
\fBLSF_SERVERDIR\fR directory to checkpoint the job.
.sp 2
Only running members of a chunk job can be checkpointed. For
chunk jobs in \fRWAIT\fR state, the mbatchd daemon rejects the
checkpoint request.
.SH Options

.sp 2
\fB0\fR
.br
         (Zero). Checkpoints all of the jobs that satisfy other
         specified criteria.
.sp 2
\fB-f\fR
.br
         Forces a job to be checkpointed even if
         non-checkpointable conditions exist (these conditions
         are operating system-specific).
.sp 2
\fB-app \fIapplication_profile_name\fB\fR
.br
         Operates only on jobs that are associated with the
         specified application profile. You must specify an
         existing application profile. If \fIjob_ID\fR or \fR0\fR
         is not specified, only the most recently submitted
         qualifying job is operated on.
.sp 2
\fB-k\fR
.br
         Kills a job after it is successfully checkpointed.
.sp 2
\fB-p \fIminutes\fB | -p 0\fR
.br
         Enables periodic checkpointing and specifies the
         checkpoint period, or modifies the checkpoint period of
         a checkpointed job. Specify -p 0 (zero) to disable
         periodic checkpointing.
.sp 2
         Checkpointing is a resource-intensive operation. For
         your job to make progress while still providing fault
         tolerance, specify a checkpoint period of 30 minutes or
         longer.
.sp 2
\fB-J \fIjob_name\fB\fR
.br
         Checkpoints only jobs that have the specified job name.
.sp 2
         The job name can be up to 4094 characters long. Job
         names are not unique.
.sp 2
         The wildcard character (\fR*\fR) can be used anywhere
         within a job name, but it cannot appear within an array
         index. For example, the pattern \fRjob*\fR returns
         \fRjobA\fR and \fRjobarray[1]\fR. The \fR*AAA*[1]\fR
         pattern returns the first element in job arrays with
         names that contain \fRAAA\fR. However, the pattern
         \fRjob1[*]\fR does not return anything since the
         wildcard is within the array index.
.sp 2
\fB-m \fIhost_name\fB | -m \fIhost_group\fB\fR
.br
         Checkpoints only jobs that are dispatched to the
         specified hosts.
.sp 2
\fB-q \fIqueue_name\fB \fR
.br
         Checkpoints only jobs that are dispatched from the
         specified queue.
.sp 2
\fB-u "\fIuser_name\fB" | -u all\fR
.br
         Checkpoints only jobs that are submitted by the
         specified users. The keyword all specifies all users.
         Ignored if a job ID other than 0 (zero) is specified. To
         specify a Windows user account, include the domain name
         in uppercase letters and use a single backslash
         (\fR\fIDOMAIN_NAME\fR\\fIuser_name\fR\fR) in a Windows
         command line or a double backslash
         (\fR\fIDOMAIN_NAME\fR\\\fIuser_name\fR\fR) in a UNIX
         command line.
.sp 2
\fB\fIjob_ID\fB | "\fIjob_ID\fB[\fIindex_list\fB]"\fR
.br
         Checkpoints only the specified jobs.
.sp 2
\fB-h\fR
.br
         Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
\fB-V \fR
.br
         Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.SH Examples

.sp 2
bchkpnt 1234
.sp 2
Checkpoints the job with job ID 1234.
.sp 2
bchkpnt -p 120 1234
.sp 2
Enables periodic checkpointing or changes the checkpoint period
to 120 minutes (2 hours) for a job with job ID \fR1234\fR.
.sp 2
bchkpnt -m hostA -k -u all 0
.sp 2
When used by root or the LSF administrator, checkpoints and kills
all checkpointable jobs on \fRhostA\fR. This command is useful
when a host needs to be shut down or rebooted.
.SH See also

.sp 2
bsub, bmod, brestart, bjobs, bqueues, bhosts(1), lsb.queues,
mbatchd