
.ad l

.TH bclusters 1 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBbclusters\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Displays information about IBM Spectrum LSF multicluster
capability
.sp 2

.SH Synopsis

.sp 2
\fBbclusters\fR [\fB-app\fR] [\fB-w\fR]
.sp 2
\fBbclusters\fR [\fB-h\fR | \fB-V\fR]
.SH Description

.sp 2
For the job forwarding model, displays a list of LSF multicluster
capability queues together with their relationship with queues in
remote clusters.
.sp 2
For the resource leasing model, displays remote resource provider
and consumer information, resource flow information, and
connection status between the local and remote cluster.
.SH Options

.sp 2
\fB-app\fR
.br
         Displays available application profiles in remote
         clusters.
.sp 2
\fB-w\fR
.br
         Wide format. Displays the information in a wide format.
.sp 2
\fB-h\fR
.br
         Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
\fB-V\fR
.br
         Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.SH Output: Job forwarding information

.sp 2
Displays a list of LSF multicluster capability queues together
with their relationship with queues in remote clusters.
.sp 2
Information that is related to the job forwarding model is
displayed under the heading Job Forwarding Information.
.sp 2
\fBLOCAL_QUEUE\fR
.br
         Name of a local LSF multicluster capability send-jobs or
         receive-jobs queue.
.sp 2
\fBJOB_FLOW\fR
.br
         Indicates direction of job flow.
.sp 2
         \fBsend \fR
.br
                  The local queue is a LSF multicluster
                  capability send-jobs queue (SNDJOBS_TO is
                  defined in the local queue).
.sp 2
         \fBrecv \fR
.br
                  The local queue is a LSF multicluster
                  capability receive-jobs queue (RCVJOBS_FROM is
                  defined in the local queue).
.sp 2
\fBREMOTE\fR
.br
         For send-jobs queues, shows the name of the receive-jobs
         queue in a remote cluster.
.sp 2
         For receive-jobs queues, always a dash (\fR-\fR).
.sp 2
\fBCLUSTER\fR
.br
         For send-jobs queues, shows the name of the remote
         cluster that contains the receive-jobs queue.
.sp 2
         For receive-jobs queues, shows the name of the remote
         cluster that can send jobs to the local queue.
.sp 2
\fBSTATUS\fR
.br
         Indicates the connection status between the local queue
         and remote queue.
.sp 2
         \fBok \fR
.br
                  The two clusters can exchange information and
                  the system is properly configured.
.sp 2
         \fBdisc\fR
.br
                  Communication between the two clusters is not
                  established. The \fRdisc\fR status might occur
                  because no jobs are waiting to be dispatched,
                  or because the remote management host cannot be
                  located.
.sp 2
         \fBreject\fR
.br
                  The remote queue rejects jobs from the
                  send-jobs queue. The local queue and remote
                  queue are connected and the clusters
                  communicate, but the queue-level configuration
                  is not correct. For example, the send-jobs
                  queue in the submission cluster points to a
                  receive-jobs queue that does not exist in the
                  remote cluster.
.sp 2
                  If the job is rejected, it returns to the
                  submission cluster.
.SH Output: Resource lease information

.sp 2
Displays remote resource provider and consumer information,
resource flow information, and connection status between the
local and remote cluster.
.sp 2
Information that is related to the resource leasing model is
displayed under the heading Resource Lease Information.
.sp 2
\fBREMOTE_CLUSTER\fR
.br
         For borrowed resources, name of the remote cluster that
         is the provider.
.sp 2
         For exported resources, name of the remote cluster that
         is the consumer.
.sp 2
\fBRESOURCE_FLOW\fR
.br
         Indicates direction of resource flow.
.sp 2
         \fBIMPORT\fR
.br
                  Local cluster is the consumer and borrows
                  resources from the remote cluster (\fBHOSTS\fR
                  parameter in one or more local queue
                  definitions includes remote resources).
.sp 2
         \fBEXPORT\fR
.br
                  Local cluster is the provider and exports
                  resources to the remote cluster.
.sp 2
\fBSTATUS\fR
.br
         Indicates the connection status between the local and
         remote cluster.
.sp 2
         \fBok\fR
.br
                  LSF multicluster capability jobs can run.
.sp 2
         \fBdisc\fR
.br
                  No communication between the two clusters. The
                  \fRdisc\fR status might be a temporary
                  situation or might indicate a LSF multicluster
                  capability configuration error.
.sp 2
         \fBconn\fR
.br
                  The two clusters communicate, but the lease is
                  not established. The \fRconn\fR status is
                  typically a temporary situation, lasting only
                  until jobs are submitted.
.SH Output: Remote cluster application information

.sp 2
The bcluster -app command displays information that is related to
application profile configuration under the heading \fRRemote
Cluster Application Information\fR. Application profile
information is only displayed for the job forwarding model. The
bclusters command does not show local cluster application profile
information.
.sp 2
\fBREMOTE_CLUSTER\fR
.br
         The name of the remote cluster.
.sp 2
\fBAPP_NAME\fR
.br
         The name of the application profile available in the
         remote cluster.
.sp 2
\fBDESCRIPTION\fR
.br
         The description of the application profile.
.SH Files

.sp 2
Reads the lsb.queues and lsb.applications files.
.SH See also

.sp 2
bapp, bhosts, bqueues, lsclusters, lsinfo, lsb.applications,
lsb.queues