
.ad l

.TH bgadd 1 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBbgadd\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Creates job groups
.sp 2

.SH Synopsis

.sp 2
\fBbgadd\fR [\fB-L\fR limit] [\fB-sla\fR service_class_name]
job_group_name
.sp 2
\fBbgadd\fR [\fB-h\fR | \fB-V\fR]
.SH Description

.sp 2
Creates a job group with the job group name specified by
\fIjob_group_name\fR.
.sp 2
You must provide full group path name for the new job group. The
last component of the path is the name of the new group to be
created.
.sp 2
You do not need to create the parent job group before you create
a sub-group under it. If no groups in the job group hierarchy
exist, all groups are created with the specified hierarchy.
.SH Options

.sp 2
\fB-L \fIlimit\fB\fR
.br
         Specifies the maximum number of concurrent jobs allowed
         to run under the job group (including child groups). The
         -L option limits the number of started jobs (jobs in
         \fRRUN\fR, \fRSSUSP\fR, or \fRUSUSP\fR state) under the
         job group. Specify a positive number between 0 and
         2147483647. If the specified limit is zero (0), no jobs
         under the job group can run.
.sp 2
         You cannot specify a limit for the root job group. The
         root job group has no job limit. Job groups added with
         no limits specified inherit any limits of existing
         parent job groups. The -L option only limits the lowest
         level job group created.
.sp 2
         When using global limit scheduling (that is, when
         \fRGLOBAL_LIMITS=Y\fR is set in the lsb.params file),
         job group limits are still applied when the jobs are
         forwarded to another cluster.
.sp 2
         If a parallel job requests 2 CPUs (bsub -n 2), the job
         group limit is per job, not per slots used by the job.
.sp 2
         By default, a job group has no job limit. Limits persist
         across mbatchd restart or reconfiguration.
.sp 2
\fB-sla \fIservice_class_name\fB\fR
.br
         The name of a service class defined in
         lsb.serviceclasses, or the name of the SLA defined in
         the \fBENABLE_DEFAULT_EGO_SLA\fR parameter in the
         lsb.params file. The job group is attached to the
         specified SLA.
.sp 2
\fB\fIjob_group_name\fB\fR
.br
         Full path of the job group name. Job group names can be
         up to 512 characters long.
.sp 2
\fB-h \fR
.br
         Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
\fB-V \fR
.br
         Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.SH Examples

.sp 2
*  
   Create a job group named \fRrisk_group\fR under the root group
   \fR/\fR:
.sp 2
   bgadd /risk_group
.br

.sp 2
*  
   Create a job group named \fRportfolio1\fR under job group
   \fR/risk_group\fR:
.sp 2
   bgadd /risk_group/portfolio1
.br

.SH See also

.sp 2
bgdel, bjgroup