
.ad l

.TH bgdel 1 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBbgdel\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Deletes job groups
.sp 2

.SH Synopsis

.sp 2
\fBbgdel \fR[\fB-u\fR user_name | \fB-u\fR \fBall\fR]
job_group_name | \fB0\fR
.sp 2
\fBbgdel -c\fR job_group_name
.sp 2
\fBbgdel\fR [\fB-h\fR | \fB-V\fR]
.SH Description

.sp 2
Deletes a job group with the job group name specified by
\fIjob_group_name\fR and all its subgroups.
.sp 2
You must provide full group path name for the job group to be
deleted. Deletion only takes effect after all jobs belonging to
the group are cleaned out of mbatchd memory after the clean
period.
.sp 2
Users can delete only their own job groups. LSF administrators
can delete any job groups.
.sp 2
Job groups can be created explicitly or implicitly:
.sp 2
*  A job group is created explicitly with the bgadd command.
.sp 2
*  A job group is created implicitly by the the bsub -g or bmod
   -g command when the specified group does not exist. Job groups
   are also created implicitly when a default job group is
   configured (the \fBDEFAULT_JOBGROUP\fR in the lsb.params file,
   or the \fBLSB_DEFAULT_JOBGROUP\fR environment variable).
.SH Options

.sp 2
\fB0\fR
.br
         Delete empty job groups. These groups can be explicit or
         implicit.
.sp 2
\fB -u \fIuser_name\fB\fR
.br
         Delete empty job groups owned by the specified user.
         Only administrators can use this option. These groups
         can be explicit or implicit. If you specify a job group
         name, the -u option is ignored.
.sp 2
\fB-u all \fR
.br
         Delete empty job groups and their sub groups for all
         users. Only administrators can use this option. These
         groups can be explicit or implicit. If you specify a job
         group name, the -u option is ignored.
.sp 2
\fB-c \fIjob_group_name\fB\fR
.br
         Delete all empty groups below the requested
         \fIjob_group_name\fR including the \fIjob_group_name\fR
         itself. These groups can be explicit or implicit.
.sp 2
\fB\fIjob_group_name\fB\fR
.br
         Full path of the job group name.
.sp 2
\fB-h \fR
.br
         Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
\fB-V \fR
.br
         Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.SH Example

.sp 2
The following example deletes the job group /risk_group and all
its subgroups:
.sp 2
bgdel /risk_group
.br
Job group /risk_group is deleted.
.br

.SH See also

.sp 2
bgadd, bjgroup