
.ad l

.TH bgmod 1 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBbgmod\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Modifies job groups
.sp 2

.SH Synopsis

.sp 2
\fBbgmod\fR [\fB-L\fR limit | \fB-Ln\fR] [\fB-u\fR
job_group_owner] job_group_name
.sp 2
\fBbgmod\fR [\fB-h\fR | \fB-V\fR]
.SH Description

.sp 2
Modifies the job group with the job group name that is specified
by \fIjob_group_name\fR.
.sp 2
Only root, LSF administrators, the job group creator, or the
creator of the parent job groups can use the bgmod command to
modify a job group limit.
.sp 2
You must provide full group path name for the modified job group.
The last component of the path is the name of the job group to be
modified.
.SH Options

.sp 2
\fB-L \fIlimit\fB\fR
.br
         Changes the limit of \fIjob_group_name\fR to the
         specified \fIlimit\fR value. If the job group has parent
         job groups, the new limit cannot exceed the limits of
         any higher-level job groups. Similarly, if the job group
         has child job groups, the new value must be greater than
         any limits on the lower-level job groups.
.sp 2
         \fIlimit\fR specifies the maximum number of concurrent
         jobs that are allowed to run under the job group
         (including child groups) -L limits the number of started
         jobs (\fRRUN\fR, \fRSSUSP\fR, \fRUSUSP\fR) under the job
         group. Specify a positive number 0 - 2147483647. If the
         specified limit is zero, no jobs under the job group can
         run.
.sp 2
         You cannot specify a limit for the root job group. The
         root job group has no job limit. The -L option limits
         only the lowest level job group specified.
.sp 2
         When using global limit scheduling (that is, when
         \fRGLOBAL_LIMITS=Y\fR is set in the lsb.params file),
         job group limits are still applied when the jobs are
         forwarded to another cluster.
.sp 2
         If a parallel job requests 2 CPUs (bsub -n 2), the job
         group limit is per job, not per slots used by the job.
.sp 2
\fB-Ln \fR
.br
         Removes the existing job limit for the job group. If the
         job group has parent job groups, the job modified group
         automatically inherits any limits from its direct parent
         job group.
.sp 2
\fB-u \fIjob_group_owner\fB\fR
.br
         Changes the job group owner to the specified
         \fIjob_group_owner\fR user name.
.sp 2
         To specify a Windows user account, include the domain
         name in uppercase letters and use either a single
         backslash from a Windows command prompt or a double
         backslash from a UNIX command line.
.sp 2
         Use of this option is restricted to the following users:
.sp 2
         *  root
.sp 2
         *  Primary LSF administrator
.sp 2
         *  Parent job group owner
.sp 2
         *  Current job group owner
.sp 2
\fB\fIjob_group_name\fB \fR
.br
         Full path of the job group name.
.sp 2
\fB-h \fR
.br
         Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
\fB-V \fR
.br
         Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.SH Examples

.sp 2
The following command modifies only the limit of group
/canada/projects/test1. It does not modify limits of /canada or
/canada/projects.
.sp 2
bgmod -L 6 /canada/projects/test1
.br

.sp 2
To modify limits of /canada or /canada/projects, you must specify
the exact group name:
.sp 2
bgmod -L 6 /canada
.br

.sp 2
Or
.sp 2
bgmod -L 6 /canada/projects
.br

.SH See also

.sp 2
bgadd, bgdel, bjgroup