
.ad l

.TH bhist 1 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBbhist\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Displays historical information about jobs
.sp 2

.SH Synopsis

.sp 2
\fBbhist\fR [\fB-l\fR [\fB-aff\fR] [\fB-gpu\fR]
[\fB-hostfile\fR]] [\fB-a\fR] [\fB-b\fR] [\fB-d\fR] [\fB-data\fR]
[\fB-e\fR] [\fB-p\fR] [\fB-r\fR] [\fB-s\fR] [\fB-w\fR]
[\fB-UF\fR] [\fB-cname\fR] [\fB-app\fR application_profile_name]
[\fB-C\fR start_time,end_time] [\fB-D\fR start_time,end_time]
[\fB-f\fR logfile_name | \fB-f -\fR | \fB-n\fR number_logfiles |
\fB-n\fR number_blocks | \fB-n\fR min_logfile, max_logfile |
\fB-n 0\fR] [\fB-S\fR start_time,end_time] [\fB-J\fR job_name]
[\fB-Jd\fR "job_description"] [\fB-Lp\fR ls_project_name] [\fB-m
\fR"host_name ..."] [\fB-N\fR host_name | \fB-N\fR host_model |
\fB-N\fR CPU_factor] [\fB-P\fR project_name] [\fB-q\fR
queue_name] [\fB-u\fR user_name | \fB-u\fR \fBall\fR | \fB-G\fR
user_group] [job_ID ... | "job_ID[index]" ...]
.sp 2
\fBbhist\fR \fB-t\fR [\fB-cname\fR] [\fB-f\fR logfile_name]
[\fB-T\fR start_time,end_time]
.sp 2
\fBbhist\fR [\fB-h\fR | \fB-V\fR]
.SH Description

.sp 2
By default, displays information about your own pending, running,
and suspended jobs. Groups information by job. CPU time is not
normalized. The bhist command searches the event log file that is
used by the LSF system:
$LSB_SHAREDIR/\fIcluster_name\fR/logdir/lsb.events. The bhist
command also displays events that occurred in the past week. Set
the environment variable LSB_BHIST_HOURS to an alternative number
of hours (works only with the -t option.)
.SH Options

.sp 2
\fB-a\fR
.br
         Displays information about both finished and unfinished
         jobs.
.sp 2
         This option overrides -d, -p, -s, and -r.
.sp 2
\fB-aff\fR
.br
         Displays historical job information about jobs with CPU
         and memory affinity resource requirement for each task
         in the job. If the job is pending, the requested
         affinity resources are displayed. For running jobs, the
         effective and combined affinity resource allocation is
         also displayed, along with a table headed
         \fRAFFINITY\fR. The table shows detailed memory and CPU
         binding information for each task, one line for each
         allocated processor unit. For finished jobs (\fREXIT\fR
         or \fRDONE\fR state), the affinity requirements for the
         job, and the effective and combined affinity resource
         requirement details are displayed.
.sp 2
         Use this option only with the -l option.
.sp 2
\fB-b\fR
.br
         Brief format.
.sp 2
\fB-cname\fR
.br
         In IBM Spectrum LSF Advanced Edition, includes the
         cluster name for execution cluster hosts and host groups
         in output.
.sp 2
\fB-d\fR
.br
         Displays information about finished jobs.
.sp 2
\fB-data\fR
.br
         Displays historical information for jobs with data
         requirements (for example, jobs that are submitted with
         -data). The bhist -data option acts as a filter to show
         only jobs with data requirements.
.sp 2
\fB-e\fR
.br
         Displays information about exited jobs.
.sp 2
\fB-hostfile\fR
.br
         If a job was submitted with the bsub -hostfile option or
         modified with the bmod -hostfile option to point to a
         user-specified host file, the bhist -l -hostfile option,
         shows the user-specified host file path. The -hostfile
         option also shows the contents of the host file.
.sp 2
\fB-gpu\fR
.br
         bhist -l -gpu shows the following information on GPU job
         allocation after the job finishes:
.sp 2
         Use this option only with the -l option.
.sp 2
         \fBHost Name\fR
.br
                  The name of the host.
.sp 2
         \fBGPU IDs on the host\fR
.br
                  Each GPU is shown as a separate line.
.sp 2
         \fBTASK and ID\fR
.br
                  List of job tasks and IDs using the GPU
                  (separated by comma if used by multiple tasks)
.sp 2
         \fBMODEL\fR
.br
                  Contains the GPU brand name and model type
                  name.
.sp 2
         \fBMTOTAL\fR
.br
                  The total GPU memory size.
.sp 2
         \fBGPU Compute Capability\fR
.br

.sp 2
         \fBMRSV\fR
.br
                  GPU memory reserved by the job
.sp 2
         \fBSOCKET\fR
.br
                  socket ID of the GPU located at
.sp 2
         \fBNVLINK\fR
.br
                  Indicates if the GPU has NVLink connections
                  with other GPUs allocated for the job (ranked
                  by GPU ID and including itself). The connection
                  flag of each GPU is a character separated by
                  “/” with the next GPU:
.br
                  A “Y” indicates there is a direct NVLINK
                  connection between two GPUs.
.br
                  An “N” shows there is no direct NVLINK
                  connection with that GPU.
.br
                  A “-” shows the GPU is itself.
.sp 2
         If the job exited abnormally due to a GPU-related error
         or warning, the error or warning message displays. If
         LSF could not get GPU usage information from DCGM, a
         hyphen (\fR-\fR) displays.
.sp 2
\fB-l \fR
.br
         Long format.
.sp 2
         If the job was submitted with the bsub -K option, the -l
         option displays \fRSynchronous execution\fR.
.sp 2
         If you submitted a job by using the \fROR\fR (\fR||\fR)
         expression to specify alternative resources, this option
         displays the successful \fRExecution rusage\fR string
         with which the job ran.
.sp 2
         If you submitted a job with multiple resource
         requirement strings by using the bsub -R option for the
         \fRorder\fR, \fRsame\fR, \fRrusage\fR, and \fRselect\fR
         sections, the bhist -l command displays a single, merged
         resource requirement string for those sections, as if
         they were submitted by using a single -R option.
.sp 2
         Jobs submitted with an esub (or epsub) using bsub -a (or
         modified using bmod -a), will show the latest esubs used
         for execution in bhist -l output, first with the default
         and then user esubs. If a user-specified esub script is
         the same as the default esub script, the duplicate esubs
         will show as one entry. If a job is submitted with an
         esub containing parameters, the esub and its parameters
         will be shown in bhist -l as well, and the format of the
         esub is the same as that specified in the job
         submission.
.sp 2
         The long format includes the following information:
.sp 2
         *  Job exit codes
.sp 2
         *  Exit reasons for terminated jobs
.sp 2
         *  Job exceptions (for example, if job run time exceeds
            the runtime estimate, a job exception of
            \fRruntime_est_exceeded\fR is displayed).
.sp 2
         *  Resizable job information
.sp 2
         *  SSH X11 forwarding information (-XF)
.sp 2
         *  Specified and execution current working directory
            (CWD). The full path is shown, including directory
            pattern values.
.sp 2
         *  Detailed information about jobs with data
            requirements. The heading \fRDATA REQUIREMENTS\fR is
            displayed followed by a list of the files or tags
            that are requested by the job, and any modifications
            made to the data requirements.
.sp 2
         *  User-specified reason for killing, stopping, or
            resuming the job.
.sp 2
         *  The host that issued the request to kill, stop, or
            resume the job.
.sp 2
         *  Job-level pending time limits and eligible pending
            time limits.
.sp 2
         *  The amount of time that the job spent in an eligible
            and ineligible pending state after the job started,
            if the \fBTRACK_ELIGIBLE_PENDINFO\fR parameter in the
            lsb.params file is set to \fRY\fR or \fRy\fR.
.sp 2
         *  Applicable loaning information. This information
            shows whether the job uses resources that are
            borrowed from the GSLA resource pool, and from which
            pool the resources are borrowed.
.sp 2
         *  Account name for LSF resource connector
.sp 2
         *  Changes to pending jobs as a result of the following
            bmod command options:
.sp 2
            *  Absolute priority scheduling (-aps | -apsn)
.sp 2
            *  Autoresizable job attribute (-ar | -arn)
.sp 2
            *  Current working directory (-cwd)
.sp 2
            *  Data requirements (-data | -datan)
.sp 2
            *  Post-execution command (-Ep | -Epn)
.sp 2
            *  Job description (-Jd | -Jdn)
.sp 2
            *  Checkpoint options (-k | -kn)
.sp 2
            *  Migration threshold (-mig | -mign)
.sp 2
            *  Job resize notification command (-rnc | -rncn)
.sp 2
            *  User limits (-ul | -uln)
.sp 2
            *  Runtime estimate (-We | -Wen)
.sp 2
         The bhist -l command displays the effective GPU
         requirements string for a GPU allocation.
.sp 2
\fB-p \fR
.br
         Displays information about pending jobs.
.sp 2
\fB-r \fR
.br
         Displays information about running jobs.
.sp 2
\fB-s\fR
.br
         Displays information about suspended jobs.
.sp 2
\fB-t \fR
.br
         Displays job events chronologically, including energy
         aware scheduling events \fRJOB_PROV_HOST\fR and
         \fRHOST_POWER_STATUS\fR.
.sp 2
         By default, displays only records from the last week.
         For different time periods, use the -t option with the
         -T option.
.sp 2
         Use \fBLSB_BHIST_HOURS\fR with -t to display job events
         before the current time for a longer or shorter period
         than the default one week.
.sp 2
\fB-w\fR
.br
         Wide format. Displays the information in a wide format.
.sp 2
\fB-UF\fR
.br
         Displays unformatted job detail information.
.sp 2
         This option makes it easy to write scripts for parsing
         keywords on bhist. The results of this option have no
         wide control for the output. Each line starts from the
         beginning of the line. The resource usage message lines
         that end without any separator have a semicolon added to
         separate their different parts. The first line and all
         lines that start with the time stamp are displayed
         unformatted in a single line. The output has no line
         length and format control.
.sp 2
\fB-app \fIapplication_profile_name\fB \fR
.br
         Displays information about jobs that are submitted to
         the specified application profile.
.sp 2
\fB-C \fIstart_time\fB,\fIend_time\fB \fR
.br
         Displays jobs that completed or exited during the
         specified time interval. Specify the times in the format
         \fRyyyy/mm/dd/HH:MM\fR. Do not specify spaces in the
         time interval string. This option overrides the -r, -s,
         -p, and -a options.
.sp 2
         For more information about the time syntax, see Time
         interval format.
.sp 2
\fB-D \fIstart_time\fB,\fIend_time\fB \fR
.br
         Displays jobs that are dispatched during the specified
         time interval. Specify the times in the format
         \fRyyyy/mm/dd/HH:MM\fR. Do not specify spaces in the
         time interval string.
.sp 2
         Must be used with the -a option since it finds results
         only in running jobs.
.sp 2
         For more information about the time syntax, see Time
         interval format.
.sp 2
\fB-f \fIlogfile_name\fB | -f -\fR
.br
         Searches the specified event log, which is useful for
         offline analysis. Specify either an absolute or a
         relative path.
.sp 2
         The specified file path can contain up to 4094
         characters for UNIX, or up to 255 characters for
         Windows.
.sp 2
         Specify the -f - option to force the bhist command to
         use the lsb.events log file. If you are using IBM
         Spectrum LSF Explorer (LSF Explorer) to load event log
         records, the -f - option (or any -f argument that
         specifies a log file) forces the bhist command to bypass
         LSF Explorer.
.sp 2
         \fBNote: \fRThe bhist -cname, -t, and -T options always
         bypass LSF Explorer and instead get the information from
         the lsb.events file.
.sp 2
         For more details, refer to \fBLSF_QUERY_ES_SERVERS\fR
         and \fBLSF_QUERY_ES_FUNCTIONS\fR in the IBM Spectrum LSF
         Configuration Reference.
.sp 2
\fB-G \fIuser_group\fB \fR
.br
         Displays jobs that are associated with a user group that
         is submitted with the bsub -G command for the specified
         user group. The -G option does not display jobs from
         subgroups within the specified user group.
.sp 2
         The -G option cannot be used together with the -u
         option. You can specify only a user group name. The
         keyword all is not supported for the -G option.
.sp 2
\fB-J \fIjob_name\fB\fR
.br
         Displays the jobs that have the specified job name.
.sp 2
         The job name can be up to 4094 characters long. Job
         names are not unique.
.sp 2
         The wildcard character (\fR*\fR) can be used anywhere
         within a job name, but it cannot appear within an array
         index. For example, the pattern \fRjob*\fR returns
         \fRjobA\fR and \fRjobarray[1]\fR. The \fR*AAA*[1]\fR
         pattern returns the first element in job arrays with
         names that contain \fRAAA\fR. However, the pattern
         \fRjob1[*]\fR does not return anything since the
         wildcard is within the array index.
.sp 2
\fB-Jd "\fIjob_description\fB"\fR
.br
         Displays the jobs that have the specified job
         description.
.sp 2
         The job description can be up to 4094 characters long.
         Job descriptions are not unique.
.sp 2
         The wildcard character (\fR*\fR) can be used anywhere
         within a job description.
.sp 2
\fB-Lp \fIls_project_name\fB \fR
.br
         Displays information about jobs that belong to the
         specified LSF License Scheduler project.
.sp 2
\fB-m "\fIhost_name\fB..."\fR
.br
         Displays jobs that are dispatched to the specified host.
.sp 2
\fB-n \fInumber_logfiles\fB | -n \fImin_logfile\fB,
\fImax_logfile\fB | -n 0\fR
.br
         Searches the specified number of event logs, starting
         with the current event log and working through the most
         recent logs in consecutive order. Specify 0 to specify
         all the event log files in
         $(LSB_SHAREDIR)/\fIcluster_name\fR/logdir, up to a
         maximum of 100 files.
.sp 2
         If you delete a file, you break the consecutive
         numbering, and older files are inaccessible to the bhist
         command. For example, if you specify 3, LSF searches the
         lsb.events, lsb.events.1, and lsb.events.2 files. If you
         specify 4, LSF searches the lsb.events, lsb.events.1,
         lsb.events.2, and lsb.events.3 files. However, if the
         lsb.events.2file is missing, both searches include only
         the lsb.events and lsb.events.1 files.
.sp 2
\fB-n \fInumber_blocks\fB (LSF Explorer only)\fR
.br
         If you are using LSF Explorer to load event log records,
         use the -n option to control how many job records
         (number of block records) that LSF Explorer returns. The
         block size is configured in LSF Explorer. For more
         details, refer to \fBLSF_QUERY_ES_SERVERS\fR and
         \fBLSF_QUERY_ES_FUNCTIONS\fR in the IBM Spectrum LSF
         Configuration Reference.
.sp 2
\fB-N \fIhost_name\fB | -N \fIhost_model\fB | -N
\fIcpu_factor\fB\fR
.br
         Normalizes CPU time by the specified CPU factor, or by
         the CPU factor of the specified host or host model.
.sp 2
         If you use the bhist command directly on an event log,
         you must specify a CPU factor.
.sp 2
         Use the lsinfo command to get host model and CPU factor
         information.
.sp 2
\fB-P \fIproject_name\fB \fR
.br
         Displays information about jobs that belong to the
         specified project.
.sp 2
\fB-q \fIqueue_name\fB \fR
.br
         Displays information about jobs that are submitted to
         the specified queue.
.sp 2
\fB-S \fIstart_time\fB,\fIend_time\fB\fR
.br
         Displays information about jobs that are submitted
         during the specified time interval. Specify the times in
         the format \fRyyyy/mm/dd/HH:MM\fR. Do not specify spaces
         in the time interval string.
.sp 2
         Must be used with the -a option since it finds results
         only in running jobs.
.sp 2
         For more information about the time syntax, see Time
         interval format.
.sp 2
\fB-T \fIstart_time\fB,\fIend_time\fB\fR
.br
         Used together with the -t option.
.sp 2
         Displays information about job events within the
         specified time interval. Specify the times in the format
         \fRyyyy/mm/dd/HH:MM\fR. Do not specify spaces in the
         time interval string.
.sp 2
         For more information about the time syntax, see Time
         interval format.
.sp 2
\fB-u \fIuser_name\fB | -u all \fR
.br
         Displays information about jobs that are submitted by
         the specified user, or by all users if the keyword all
         is specified. To specify a Windows user account, include
         the domain name in uppercase letters and use a single
         backslash in a Windows command
         (\fR\fIDOMAIN_NAME\fR\\fIuser_name\fR\fR), or a double
         backslash in a UNIX command
         (\fR\fIDOMAIN_NAME\fR\\\fIuser_name\fR\fR).
.sp 2
\fB\fIjob_ID\fB | "\fIjob_ID\fB[\fIindex\fB]" ...\fR
.br
         Searches all event log files and displays only
         information about the specified jobs. If you specify a
         job array, displays all elements chronologically.
.sp 2
         You specify job ID when you know exactly which jobs you
         want, so do not specify any other options that control
         job selection (-a, -d, -e, -p, -r, -s, -D, -S, -T, -app,
         -G, -J, -Jd, -Lp, -M, -q, -u). If you specify an
         illogical combination of selection criteria, the system
         does not return any matching jobs.
.sp 2
         In LSF multicluster capability job forwarding mode, you
         can use the local job ID and cluster name to retrieve
         the job details from the remote cluster. Use the
         following query syntax:
.sp 2
         bhist submission_job_id@submission_cluster_name
.sp 2
         For job arrays, use the following query syntax:
.sp 2
         bhist "submission_job_id[index]"@submission_cluster_name
.sp 2
         The advantage of using src_job_id@src_cluster_name
         instead of bhist -l job_id is that you can use
         src_job_id@src_cluster_name as an alias to query a local
         job in the execution cluster without knowing the local
         job ID in the execution cluster. The bhist command
         output is identical no matter which job ID you use
         (local job ID or \fRsrc_job_id@src_cluster_name\fR).
.sp 2
         You can use the bhist 0 option to find all historical
         jobs in your local cluster, but the bhist
         0@submission_cluster_name option is not supported.
.sp 2
\fB-h\fR
.br
         Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
\fB-V \fR
.br
         Prints release version to stderr and exits.
.SH Output: Default format

.sp 2
\fBMemory Usage\fR
.br
         Displays peak memory usage and average memory usage.
.sp 2
          MEMORY USAGE:
.br
          MAX MEM: 11 Mbytes; AVG MEM:6 Mbytes
.br

.sp 2
         If consumed memory is larger or smaller than current
         rusage, you can adjust resource requirements next time
         for the same job submission.
.sp 2
\fBTime Summary\fR
.br
         Statistics of the amount of time that a job spent in
         various states.
.sp 2
\fBPEND\fR
.br
         The total waiting time, excluding user suspended time
         before the job is dispatched.
.sp 2
\fBPSUSP\fR
.br
         The total user suspended time of a pending job.
.sp 2
\fBRUN\fR
.br
         The total run time of the job.
.sp 2
\fBUSUSP\fR
.br
         The total user suspended time after the job is
         dispatched.
.sp 2
\fBSSUSP \fR
.br
         The total system suspended time after the job is
         dispatched.
.sp 2
\fBUNKWN \fR
.br
         The total unknown time of the job (job status becomes
         unknown if the sbatchd daemon on the execution host is
         temporarily unreachable).
.sp 2
\fBTOTAL\fR
.br
         The total time that the job spent in all states. For a
         finished job, it is the turnaround time, which is the
         time interval from job submission to job completion.
.SH Output: Long format (-l)

.sp 2
The \fR-l\fR option displays a long format listing with the
following extra fields:
.sp 2
\fBProject\fR
.br
         The project the job was submitted from.
.sp 2
\fBApplication Profile\fR
.br
         The application profile the job was submitted to.
.sp 2
\fBCommand \fR
.br
         The job command.
.sp 2
         Detailed history includes job group modification, the
         date, and time the job was forwarded and the name of the
         cluster to which the job was forwarded.
.sp 2
         The displayed job command can contain up to 4094
         characters for UNIX, or up to 255 characters for
         Windows.
.sp 2
\fBInitial checkpoint period\fR
.br
         The initial checkpoint period that is specified at the
         job level with the bsub -k option, or in an application
         profile with the \fBCHKPNT_INITPERIOD\fR parameter in
         the lsb.applications file.
.sp 2
\fBCheckpoint period\fR
.br
         The checkpoint period that is specified at the job level
         with the bsub -k option, in the queue with the
         \fBCHKPNT\fR parameter in the lsb.queues file, or in an
         application profile with the \fBCHKPNT_PERIOD\fR
         parameter in the lsb.applications file.
.sp 2
\fBCheckpoint directory\fR
.br
         The checkpoint directory that is specified at the job
         level with the bsub -k option, in the queue with the
         \fBCHKPNT\fR parameter in the lsb.queues file, or in an
         application profile with the \fBCHKPNT_DIR\fR parameter
         in the lsb.applications file.
.sp 2
\fBMigration threshold\fR
.br
         The migration threshold that is specified at the job
         level, with the bsub -mig option.
.sp 2
\fBRequested Resources \fR
.br
         Shows all the resource requirement strings that you
         specified in the bsub command.
.sp 2
\fBExecution CWD \fR
.br
         The actual current working directory (CWD) that is used
         when job runs.
.sp 2
\fBHost file\fR
.br
         The path to a user-specified host file that is used when
         you submitted or modified the job.
.sp 2
\fBExecution Rusage \fR
.br
         Shown if the combined \fRRES_REQ\fR has an \fRrusage\fR
         OR || construct. The chosen alternative is denoted here.
.sp 2
\fBEffective RES_REQ \fR
.br
         Displays a job\(aqs resource requirement as seen by the
         scheduler after it resolves any OR constructs.
.sp 2
\fBResizable job information\fR
.br
         *  For \fRJOB_NEW\fR events, the bhist command displays
            the autoresizable attribute and resize notification
            command in the submission line.
.sp 2
         *  For \fRJOB_MODIFY2\fR events from the bmod command,
            the bhist command displays the autoresizable
            attribute and resize notification command in the
            submission line.
.sp 2
            *  \fRbmod -arn \fIjobID\fR\fR
.sp 2
               Parameters of Job are changed: Autoresizable attribute is removed;
.br

.sp 2
            *  \fRbmod -ar \fIjobID\fR\fR
.sp 2
               Parameters of Job are changed: Job changes to autoresizable;
.br

.sp 2
            *  \fRbmod -rnc \fIresize_notification_cmd\fR
               \fIjobID\fR\fR
.sp 2
               Parameters of Job are changed: Resize notification command changes to:
.br
               <resize_notification_cmd>;
.br

.sp 2
            *  \fRbmod -rncn \fIjobID\fR\fR
.sp 2
               Parameters of Job are changed: Resize notification command is removed;
.br

.sp 2
         *  For the \fRJOB_RESIZE_NOTIFY_START\fR event, the
            bhist command displays the following message:
.sp 2
            Added <num_tasks> tasks on host <host_list>, <num_slots> additional slots allocated on <host_list>
.sp 2
         *  For the \fRJOB_RESIZE_NOTIFY_ACCEPT\fR event, the
            bhist command displays the following messages:
.sp 2
            *  If the notification command is configured and the
               sbatchd daemon successfully initializes the
               notification command, the bhist command displays
               the following message:
.sp 2
               Resize notification accepted. Notification command initialized (Command 
.br
               PID: 123456)
.br

.sp 2
            *  If a notification command is not defined, the
               bhist displays the following message:
.sp 2
               Resize notification accepted
.br

.sp 2
            *  If the sbatchd daemon reports failure for whatever
               reason, the bhist displays the following message:
.sp 2
               Resize notification failed
.br

.sp 2
         *  For the \fRJOB_RESIZE_NOTIFY_DONE\fR event, the bhist
            command displays the following messages:
.sp 2
            *  If status is 0, \fRResize notification command
               completed\fR
.sp 2
            *  If status is 1, \fRResize notification command
               failed\fR
.sp 2
         *  For \fRJOB_RESIZE_RELEASE\fR event, the bhist command
            displays the following information:
.sp 2
            Release allocation on <num_hosts> Hosts/Processors <host_list> by user or
.br
            administrator <user_name>
.br
            Resize notification accepted;
.br

.sp 2
            For the bmod -rncn option, the bhist command displays
            the following message:
.sp 2
            Resize notification command disabled 
.br

.sp 2
         *  For \fRJOB_RESIZE_CANCEL\fR event, the bhist command
            displays the following message:
.sp 2
            Cancel pending allocation request
.br

.sp 2
\fBSynchronous execution\fR
.br
         Job was submitted with the -K option. LSF submits the
         job and waits for the job to complete.
.sp 2
\fBTerminated jobs: exit reasons\fR
.br
         For terminated jobs, displays exit reasons.
.sp 2
\fBInteractive jobs\fR
.br
         For interactive jobs, the bhist -l command does not
         display information about the execution home directory,
         current working directory, or running PID for the job.
.sp 2
\fBDispatched <number> Task(s) on Host(s)\fR
.br
         The number of tasks in the job and the hosts to which
         those tasks were sent for processing. Displayed if the
         \fBLSB_ENABLE_HPC_ALLOCATION=Y\fR parameter is set in
         the lsf.conf file.
.sp 2
\fBAllocated <number> Slot(s) on Host(s)\fR
.br
         The number of slots that were allocated to the job based
         on the number of tasks, and the hosts on which the slots
         are allocated. Displayed if the
         \fBLSB_ENABLE_HPC_ALLOCATION=Y\fR parameter is set in
         the lsf.conf file.
.sp 2
\fBRequested Network and PE Network ID\fR
.br
         Network resource requirements for IBM Parallel Edition
         (PE) jobs that are submitted with the bsub -network
         option, or if the \fBNETWORK_REQ\fR parameter is
         specified in a queue (defined in the lsb.queues file) or
         an application profile (defined in the lsb.applications
         file).
.sp 2
\fBDATA REQUIREMENTS\fR
.br
         The -l -data option displays a list of requested files
         or tags for jobs with data requirements and any
         modifications to data requirements.
.SH Output: Affinity resource requirements information (-l -aff)

.sp 2
Use the -l -aff option to display historical job information
about CPU and memory affinity resource requirements for job
tasks. A table with the heading \fRAFFINITY\fR is displayed
containing the detailed affinity information for each task, one
line for each allocated processor unit. CPU binding and memory
binding information are shown in separate columns in the display.
.sp 2
\fBHOST\fR
.br
         The host the task is running on.
.sp 2
\fBTYPE\fR
.br
         Requested processor unit type for CPU binding. One of
         \fRnuma\fR, \fRsocket\fR, \fRcore\fR, or \fRthread\fR.
.sp 2
\fBLEVEL\fR
.br
         Requested processor unit binding level for CPU binding.
         One of \fRnuma\fR, \fRsocket\fR, \fRcore\fR, or
         \fRthread\fR. If no CPU binding level is requested, a
         dash (\fR-\fR) is displayed.
.sp 2
\fBEXCL\fR
.br
         Requested processor unit binding level for exclusive CPU
         binding. One of \fRnuma\fR, \fRsocket\fR, or \fRcore\fR.
         If no exclusive binding level is requested, a dash
         (\fR-\fR) is displayed.
.sp 2
\fBIDS\fR
.br
         List of physical or logical IDs of the CPU allocation
         for the task.
.sp 2
         The list consists of a set of paths, represented as a
         sequence of integers separated by slash characters
         (\fR/\fR), through the topology tree of the host. Each
         path identifies a unique processing unit that is
         allocated to the task. For example, a string of the form
         \fR3/0/5/12\fR represents an allocation to thread 12 in
         core 5 of socket 0 in NUMA node 3. A string of the form
         \fR2/1/4\fRrepresents an allocation to core 4 of socket
         1 in NUMA node 2. The integers correspond to the node ID
         numbers displayed in the topology tree from the bhosts
         -aff command.
.sp 2
\fBPOL\fR
.br
         Requested memory binding policy. Either \fRlocal\fR or
         \fRpref\fR. If no memory binding is requested, a dash
         (\fR-\fR) is displayed.
.sp 2
\fBNUMA\fR
.br
         ID of the NUMA node that the task memory is bound to. If
         no memory binding is requested, a dash (\fR-\fR) is
         displayed.
.sp 2
\fBSIZE\fR
.br
         Amount of memory that is allocated for the task on the
         NUMA node.
.SH Output: Data requirements information (-l -data)

.sp 2
Use the -l -data option to display detailed information about
jobs with data requirements. The heading \fRDATA REQUIREMENTS\fR
is displayed followed by a list of the files or tags that are
requested by the job, and any modifications made to the data
requirements.
.sp 2
bhist -data -l 84046
.br
Job <84046>, User <user1>, Project <default>, Command <bstage out -src /home/
.br
                     user1/data2; bstage out -src /home/user1/data2 -dst /tmp; 
.br
                     datajob1.sh>
.br
Mon Aug 18 15:06:57: Submitted from host <hostA>, to Queue <normal>, CWD </sc
.br
                     ratch/user1/workspace/simulation/data/>, Data Require
.br
                     ment Requested;
.br

.br
DATA REQUIREMENTS:
.br

.br
 FILE: hostA:/home/user1/data2
.br
 SIZE: 40 MB
.br
 MODIFIED: Thu Aug 14 17:01:57
.br

.br
 FILE: hostA:/home/user1/data3
.br
 SIZE: 45 MB
.br
 MODIFIED: Fri Aug 15 16:32:45
.br
Mon Aug 18 15:07:07: Dispatched to <hostB>, Effective RES_REQ <select[type == 
.br
                     local] order[r15s:pg] >;
.br
Mon Aug 18 15:07:07: Starting (Pid 16128);
.br
Mon Aug 18 15:07:07: Running with execution home </home/user1>, Execution CWD <
.br
                     /scratch/user1/workspace/simulation/data/>, Execution
.br
                     Pid <16128>;
.br
Mon Aug 18 15:08:47: Done successfully. The CPU time used is 0.4 seconds;
.br
Mon Aug 18 15:08:47: Post job process done successfully;
.br

.br
MEMORY USAGE:
.br
MAX MEM: 3 Mbytes;  AVG MEM: 2 Mbytes
.br

.br
Summary of time in seconds spent in various states by  Mon Aug 18 15:08:47
.br
  PEND     PSUSP    RUN      USUSP    SSUSP    UNKWN    TOTAL
.br
  10       0        100      0        0        0        110
.br

.SH Output: User-specifed host file (-l -hostfile)

.sp 2
Use the -l -hostfile option to display a user-specified host file
that was submitted with a job or added to a job with the bmod
command.
.SH Files

.sp 2
Reads the \fRlsb.events\fR file.
.SH See also

.sp 2
lsb.events file, bgadd, bgdel, bjgroup, bsub, bjobs, lsinfo
commands
.SH Time interval format

.sp 2
You use the time interval to define a start and end time for
collecting the data to be retrieved and displayed. While you can
specify both a start and an end time, you can also let one of the
values default. You can specify either of the times as an
absolute time, by specifying the date or time, or you can specify
them relative to the current time.
.sp 2
Specify the time interval:
.sp 2
\fR\fIstart_time\fR,\fIend_time\fR|\fIstart_time\fR,|,\fIend_time\fR|\fIstart_time\fR\fR
.sp 2
Specify \fIstart_time\fR or \fIend_time\fR in the following
format:
.sp 2
\fR[\fIyear\fR/][\fImonth\fR/][\fIday\fR][/\fIhour\fR:\fIminute\fR|/\fIhour\fR:]|.|.-\fIrelative_int\fR\fR
.sp 2
\fB\fIyear\fB\fR
.br
         Four-digit number that represents the calendar year.
.sp 2
\fB\fImonth\fB\fR
.br
         Number 1 - 12, where 1 is January and 12 is December.
.sp 2
\fB\fIday\fB\fR
.br
         Number 1 - 31, representing the day of the month.
.sp 2
\fB\fIhour\fB\fR
.br
         Integer 0 - 23, representing the hour of the day on a
         24-hour clock.
.sp 2
\fB\fIminute\fB\fR
.br
         Integer 0 - 59, representing the minute of the hour.
.sp 2
\fB\fR.\fB (period)\fR
.br
         Represents the current \fRmonth/day/hour:minute\fR.
.sp 2
\fB\fR.-\fIrelative_int\fR\fB\fR
.br
         Number, 1 - 31, specifying a relative start or end time
         before now.
.sp 2
         \fBstart_time,end_time\fR
.br
                  Specifies both the start and end times of the
                  interval.
.sp 2
         \fBstart_time,\fR
.br
                  Specifies a start time, and lets the end time
                  default to now.
.sp 2
         \fB,end_time\fR
.br
                  Specifies to start with the first logged
                  occurrence, and end at the time specified.
.sp 2
         \fBstart_time\fR
.br
                  Starts at the beginning of the most specific
                  time period that is specified, and ends at the
                  maximum value of the time period specified. For
                  example, \fR2/\fR specifies the month of
                  February — start February 1 at 00:00 AM and end
                  at the last possible minute in February (28
                  February at midnight).
.SH Absolute time examples

.sp 2
Assume that the current time is \fRMay 9 17:06 2008\fR:
.sp 2
\fR1,8\fR = \fRMay 1 00:00 2008\fR to \fRMay 8 23:59 2008\fR
.sp 2
\fR,4\fR = the time of the first occurrence to \fRMay 4 23:59
2008\fR
.sp 2
\fR6\fR = \fRMay 6 00:00 2008\fR to \fRMay 6 23:59 2008\fR
.sp 2
\fR2/\fR = \fRFeb 1 00:00 2008\fR to \fRFeb 28 23:59 2008\fR
.sp 2
\fR/12:\fR = \fRMay 9 12:00 2008\fR to \fRMay 9 12:59 2008\fR
.sp 2
\fR2/1\fR = \fRFeb 1 00:00 2008\fR to \fRFeb 1 23:59 2008\fR
.sp 2
\fR2/1,\fR = \fRFeb 1 00:00\fR to the current time
.sp 2
\fR,.\fR = the time of the first occurrence to the current time
.sp 2
\fR,2/10:\fR = the time of the first occurrence to \fRMay 2 10:59
2008\fR
.sp 2
\fR2001/12/31,2008/5/1\fR = from \fRDec 31 2001 00:00:00\fR to
\fRMay 1 2008 23:59:59\fR
.SH Relative time examples

.sp 2
\fR.-9,\fR = \fRApril 30 17:06 2008\fR to the current time
.sp 2
\fR,.-2/\fR = the time of the first occurrence to \fRMar 7 17:06
2008\fR
.sp 2
\fR.-9,.-2\fR = nine days ago to two days ago (\fRApril 30 17:06
2008\fR to \fRMay 7 17:06 2008\fR)