
.ad l

.TH bhpart 1 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBbhpart\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Displays information about host partitions
.sp 2

.SH Synopsis

.sp 2
\fBbhpart\fR [\fB-r\fR] [host_partition_name ...]
.sp 2
\fBbhpart\fR [\fB-h\fR | \fB-V\fR]
.SH Description

.sp 2
By default, displays information about all host partitions. Host
partitions are used to configure host-partition fairshare
scheduling.
.SH Options

.sp 2
\fB-r\fR
.br
         Displays the entire information tree that is associated
         with the host partition recursively.
.sp 2
\fB\fIhost_partition_name ... \fB\fR
.br
         Displays information about the specified host partitions
         only.
.sp 2
\fB-h\fR
.br
         Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
\fB-V\fR
.br
         Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.SH Output

.sp 2
The following fields are displayed for each host partition:
.sp 2
\fBHOST_PARTITION_NAME \fR
.br
         Name of the host partition.
.sp 2
\fBHOSTS\fR
.br
         Hosts or host groups that are members of the host
         partition. The name of a host group is appended by a
         slash (\fR/\fR). To see information about host groups,
         use the bmgroup command.
.sp 2
\fBUSER/GROUP\fR
.br
         Name of users or user groups who have access to the host
         partition. To see information about user groups, use the
         bugroup command.
.sp 2
\fBSHARES\fR
.br
         Number of shares of resources that are assigned to each
         user or user group in this host partition, as configured
         in the lsb.hosts file. The shares affect dynamic user
         priority for when fairshare scheduling is configured at
         the host level.
.sp 2
\fBPRIORITY\fR
.br
         Dynamic user priority for the user or user group. Larger
         values represent higher priorities. Jobs belonging to
         the user or user group with the highest priority are
         considered first for dispatch.
.sp 2
         In general, users or user groups with larger shares,
         fewer started and reserved jobs, and a lower CPU time
         and run time have higher priority.
.sp 2
\fBSTARTED\fR
.br
         Number of job slots that are used by running or
         suspended jobs that are owned by users or user groups in
         the host partition.
.sp 2
\fBRESERVED\fR
.br
         Number of job slots that are reserved by the jobs that
         are owned by users or user groups in the host partition.
.sp 2
\fBCPU_TIME\fR
.br
         Cumulative CPU time that is used by jobs of users or
         user groups that are run in the host partition. Measured
         in seconds, to one decimal place.
.sp 2
         LSF calculates the cumulative CPU time by using the
         actual (not normalized) CPU time and a decay factor. The
         decay factor is calculated such that 1 hour of recently
         used CPU time decays to 0.1 hours after an interval of
         time that is specified by the \fBHIST_HOURS\fR parameter
         in the lsb.params file (5 hours by default).
.sp 2
\fBRUN_TIME \fR
.br
         Wall-clock run time plus historical run time of jobs of
         users or user groups that are run in the host partition.
         Measured in seconds.
.sp 2
         LSF calculates the historical run time by using the
         actual run time of finished jobs and a decay factor. The
         decay factor is calculated such that 1 hour of recently
         used run time decays to 0.1 hours after an interval of
         time that is specified by the \fBHIST_HOURS\fR parameter
         in the lsb.params file (5 hours by default). Wall-clock
         run time is the run time of running jobs.
.sp 2
\fBADJUST \fR
.br
         Dynamic priority calculation adjustment that is made by
         the user-defined fairshare plug-in
         (libfairshareadjust.*).
.sp 2
         The fairshare adjustment is enabled and weighted by the
         parameter \fBFAIRSHARE_ADJUSTMENT_FACTOR\fR in the
         lsb.params file.
.SH Files

.sp 2
Reads lsb.hosts.
.SH See also

.sp 2
bugroup, bmgroup, lsb.hosts