
.ad l

.TH bjdepinfo 1 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBbjdepinfo\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Displays job dependencies.
.sp 2

.SH Synopsis

.sp 2
\fBbjdepinfo\fR [-r level] [-l] [-p] job_ID | "job_ID[index]"
.sp 2
\fBbjdepinfo\fR -c [-r level] job_ID | "job_ID[index]"
.sp 2
\fBbjdepinfo\fR [-h] [-V]
.SH Description

.sp 2
The command bjdepinfo displays all or selected job dependencies.
You can get a list of other jobs that a job depends on (parent
jobs) and jobs that depend on your job (child jobs). The command
can also show if the job dependency condition was not satisfied.
.sp 2
\fBNote: \fR
.sp 2
The parent-child relationship does not indicate that one or more
jobs are created by other jobs. A job dependency is when the
start of a job depends on the status of other jobs.
.SH Options

.sp 2
\fB\fIjob_ID\fB | "\fIjob_ID\fB[\fIindex\fB]" \fR
.br
         Required. Job ID of the job or job array on which to
         operate.
.sp 2
         If you specify only a job ID for a job array,
         information about all jobs in the array is displayed.
.sp 2
         Displays all jobs that this job depends on.
.sp 2
\fB-r \fIlevel\fB\fR
.br
         When combined with -p, prints the parent jobs that cause
         the current job to pend recursively.
.sp 2
         When combined with -c, prints the child jobs that depend
         on the current job recursively.
.sp 2
         When combined with -l, prints detailed parent job
         dependency information recursively. When combined with
         -l and -p, prints detailed information about the parent
         jobs that cause the current job to pend recursively.
.sp 2
         In each case, you can specify the level by using a
         positive integer. Level indicates the number of degrees
         of separation from the original job.
.sp 2
         For example, specify level 1 to see any jobs that
         directly depend on this job or that this job depends on.
         Specify level 2 if you also want to see all dependencies
         on the jobs that have a dependency on the originally
         specified job.
.sp 2
         If the job was partially cleaned, an asterisk (\fR*\fR)
         is displayed before the status, and the job name is
         unavailable (\fR-\fR).
.sp 2
\fB-l\fR
.br
         For the job that you specify, shows the detailed parent
         job dependency information, including the condition of
         the job and whether a job’s dependency requirements were
         satisfied.
.sp 2
\fB-p\fR
.br
         Shows the parent jobs that cause the current job to
         pend.
.sp 2
\fB-c\fR
.br
         Shows any child jobs of the job you specify and as any
         dependencies they have.
.sp 2
\fB-h \fR
.br
         Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
\fB-V\fR
.br
         Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.SH Output

.sp 2
\fBJOBID\fR
.br
         The job ID of the job with a parent or child dependency.
.sp 2
\fBPARENT\fR
.br
         The job ID of the job that has other dependent jobs.
.sp 2
\fBCHILD\fR
.br
         The job ID of the job that depends on other jobs.
.sp 2
\fBPARENT_STATUS\fR
.br
         The status of the parent job listed. If the job was
         partially cleaned, an asterisk (\fR*\fR) is displayed
         before the status, and the job name is unavailable
         (\fR-\fR).
.sp 2
\fBCHILD_STATUS\fR
.br
         The status of the child job listed.
.sp 2
\fBPARENT_NAME\fR
.br
         The name of the parent job listed. If the job was
         partially cleaned, an asterisk (\fR*\fR) is displayed
         before the status, and the job name is unavailable
         (\fR-\fR).
.sp 2
\fBCHILD_NAME\fR
.br
         The name of the child job listed.
.sp 2
\fBLEVEL\fR
.br
         The degrees of separation of job dependencies. \fR1\fR
         means that a job is directly dependent; other numbers
         indicate the levels of indirect dependency.