
.ad l

.TH bjgroup 1 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBbjgroup\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Displays information about job groups
.sp 2

.SH Synopsis

.sp 2
\fBbjgroup\fR [\fB-N\fR] [\fB-s\fR [group_name]]
.sp 2
\fBbjgroup\fR [\fB-h\fR | \fB-V\fR]
.SH Description

.sp 2
When LSF adds more resources to a running resizable job, the
bjgroups command displays the added resources. When LSF removes
resources from a running resizable job, the bjgroups command
displays the updated resources.
.SH Options

.sp 2
\fB-s\fR
.br
         Sorts job groups by group hierarchy.
.sp 2
         For example, for job groups named \fR/A\fR, \fR/A/B\fR,
         \fR/X\fR and \fR/X/Y\fR, the bjgroup command without the
         -s option displays the following information:
.sp 2
         bjgroup
.br
         GROUP_NAME         NJOBS   PEND    RUN    SSUSP  USUSP  FINISH  SLA   JLIMIT  OWNER
.br
         /A                 0       0       0      0      0      0       ()      0/10  user1
.br
         /X                 0       0       0      0      0      0       ()       0/-  user2
.br
         /A/B               0       0       0      0      0      0       ()       0/5  user1
.br
         /X/Y               0       0       0      0      0      0       ()       0/5  user2
.br

.sp 2
         For the same job groups, the bjgroup -s command displays
         the following information:
.sp 2
         bjgroup -s
.br
         GROUP_NAME         NJOBS   PEND    RUN    SSUSP  USUSP  FINISH  SLA   JLIMIT  OWNER
.br
         /A                 0       0       0      0      0      0       ()       0/10  user1
.br
         /A/B               0       0       0      0      0      0       ()       0/5  user1
.br
         /X                 0       0       0      0      0      0       ()       0/-  user2
.br
         /X/Y               0       0       0      0      0      0       ()       0/5  user2
.br

.sp 2
         Specify a job group name to show the hierarchy of a
         single job group:
.sp 2
         bjgroup -s /X
.br
         GROUP_NAME   NJOBS  PEND   RUN   SSUSP  USUSP  FINISH       SLA   JLIMIT  OWNER
.br
         /X              25     0    25       0      0       0   puccini  25/100   user1
.br
         /X/Y            20     0    20       0      0       0   puccini   20/30   user1
.br
         /X/Z             5     0     5       0      0       0   puccini    5/10   user2
.br

.sp 2
         Specify a job group name with a trailing slash character
         (/) to show only the root job group:
.sp 2
         bjgroup -s /X/
.br
         GROUP_NAME   NJOBS  PEND   RUN   SSUSP  USUSP  FINISH      SLA   JLIMIT  OWNER
.br
         /X               25    0    25       0      0       0   puccini  25/100  user1
.br

.sp 2
\fB-N \fR
.br
         Displays job group information by job slots instead of
         number of jobs. The values for \fRNSLOTS\fR, \fRPEND\fR,
         \fRRUN\fR, \fRSSUSP\fR, \fRUSUSP\fR, \fRRSV\fR are all
         counted in slots rather than number of jobs:
.sp 2
         bjgroup -N
.br
         GROUP_NAME NSLOTS PEND   RUN   SSUSP  USUSP   RSV      SLA     OWNER
.br
         /X             25    0    25       0      0     0  puccini     user1
.br
         /A/B           20    0    20       0      0     0   wagner     batch
.br

.sp 2
         The -N option by itself shows job slot info for all job
         groups. Combine with the -s option to sort the job
         groups by hierarchy:
.sp 2
         bjgroup -N -s
.br
         GROUP_NAME NSLOTS PEND   RUN   SSUSP   USUSP  RSV      SLA     OWNER
.br
         /A              0    0     0       0       0    0   wagner      batch
.br
         /A/B            0    0     0       0       0    0   wagner      user1
.br
         /X             25    0    25       0       0    0   puccini     user1
.br
         /X/Y           20    0    20       0       0    0   puccini     batch
.br
         /X/Z            5     0    5       0       0    0   puccini     batch
.br

.sp 2
\fB-h \fR
.br
         Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
\fB-V \fR
.br
         Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.SH Default output

.sp 2
A list of job groups is displayed with the following fields:
.sp 2
\fBGROUP_NAME\fR
.br
         The name of the job group.
.sp 2
\fBNJOBS\fR
.br
         The current number of jobs in the job group. A parallel
         job is counted as 1 job, regardless of the number of job
         slots it uses.
.sp 2
\fBPEND\fR
.br
         The number of pending jobs in the job group.
.sp 2
\fBRUN\fR
.br
         The number of running jobs in the job group.
.sp 2
\fBSSUSP\fR
.br
         The number of system-suspended jobs in the job group.
.sp 2
\fBUSUSP\fR
.br
         The number of user-suspended jobs in the job group.
.sp 2
\fBFINISH\fR
.br
         The number of jobs in the specified job group in EXITED
         or DONE state.
.sp 2
\fBSLA\fR
.br
         The name of the service class that the job group is
         attached to with bgadd -sla \fIservice_class_name\fR. If
         the job group is not attached to any service class,
         empty parentheses \fR()\fR are displayed in the SLA name
         column.
.sp 2
\fBJLIMIT\fR
.br
         The job group limit set by bgadd -L or bgmod -L. Job
         groups that have no configured limits or no limit usage
         are indicated by a dash (\fR-\fR). Job group limits are
         displayed in a USED/LIMIT format. For example, if a
         limit of 5 jobs is configured and 1 job is started,
         bjgroup displays the job limit under JLIMIT as
         \fR1/5\fR.
.sp 2
\fBOWNER\fR
.br
         The job group owner.
.SH Example

.sp 2
bjgroup
.br

.sp 2
GROUP_NAME  NJOBS  PEND   RUN   SSUSP  USUSP  FINISH      SLA   JLIMIT  OWNER
.br
/fund1_grp      5     4     0       1      0      0   Venezia     1/5   user1
.br
/fund2_grp     11     2     5       0      0      4   Venezia     5/5   user1
.br
/bond_grp       2     2     0       0      0      0   Venezia     0/-   user2
.br
/risk_grp       2     1     1       0      0      0        ()     1/-   user2
.br
/admi_grp       4     4     0       0      0      0        ()     0/-   user2
.br

.SH Job slots (-N) output

.sp 2
The values for \fRNSLOTS\fR, \fRPEND\fR, \fRRUN\fR, \fRSSUSP\fR,
\fRUSUSP\fR, \fRRSV\fR are all counted in slots rather than
number of jobs. A list of job groups is displayed with the
following fields:
.sp 2
\fBGROUP_NAME\fR
.br
         The name of the job group.
.sp 2
\fBNSLOTS\fR
.br
         The total number of job slots held currently by jobs in
         the job group. This includes pending, running, suspended
         and reserved job slots. A parallel job that is running
         on \fIn\fR processors is counted as \fIn\fR job slots,
         since it takes \fIn\fR job slots in the job group.
.sp 2
\fBPEND\fR
.br
         The number of job slots used by pending jobs in the job
         group.
.sp 2
\fBRUN\fR
.br
         The number of job slots used by running jobs in the job
         group.
.sp 2
\fBSSUSP\fR
.br
         The number of job slots used by system-suspended jobs in
         the job group.
.sp 2
\fBUSUSP\fR
.br
         The number of job slots used by user-suspended jobs in
         the job group.
.sp 2
\fBRSV\fR
.br
         The number of job slots in the job group that are
         reserved by LSF for pending jobs.
.sp 2
\fBSLA\fR
.br
         The name of the service class that the job group is
         attached to with the \fRbgadd -sla
         \fIservice_class_name\fR\fR coammand. If the job group
         is not attached to any service class, empty parentheses
         \fR()\fR are displayed in the SLA name column.
.sp 2
\fBOWNER\fR
.br
         The job group owner.
.SH Example

.sp 2
bjgroup -N
.br
GROUP_NAME NSLOTS PEND   RUN   SSUSP  USUSP   RSV      SLA     OWNER
.br
/X             25    0    25       0      0     0  puccini     user1
.br
/A/B           20    0    20       0      0     0   wagner     batch
.br

.SH See also

.sp 2
bgadd, bgdel, bgmod