
.ad l

.TH blcollect 1 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBblcollect\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
License information collection daemon for LSF License Scheduler.
The blcollect daemon collects license usage information.
.sp 2

.SH Synopsis

.sp 2
\fBblcollect\fR \fB-c\fR collector_name \fB-m\fR host_name [...]
\fB-p\fR license_scheduler_port [\fB-i\fR lmstat_interval |
\fB-D\fR lmstat_path] [\fB-t\fR timeout]
.sp 2

.sp 2
\fBblcollect\fR [\fB-h\fR | \fB-V\fR]
.SH Description

.sp 2
Periodically collects license usage information from the license
manager. It queries the license manager for license usage
information and passes the information to the LSF License
Scheduler daemon (bld). The blcollect daemon improves performance
by allowing you to distribute license information queries on
multiple hosts.
.sp 2
By default, license information is collected from the license
manager on one host. Use the blcollect daemon to distribute the
license collection on multiple hosts.
.sp 2
For each service domain configuration in the lsf.licensescheduler
file, specify one name for the blcollect daemon to use. You can
only specify one collector per service domain, but you can
specify one collector to serve multiple service domains. You can
choose any collector name you want, but must use that exact name
when you run the blcollect daemon.
.SH Options

.sp 2
\fB-c\fR
.br
         Required. Specify the collector name you set in the
         lsf.licensescheduler file. You must use the collector
         name (\fRLIC_COLLECTOR\fR) you define in the
         \fRServiceDomain\fR section of the configuration file.
.sp 2
\fB-m\fR
.br
         Required. Specifies a space-separated list of hosts to
         which license information is sent. The hosts do not need
         to be running LSF License Scheduler or a license
         manager. Use fully qualified host names.
.sp 2
\fB-p\fR
.br
         Required. You must specify the LSF License Scheduler
         listening port, which is set in the lsf.licensescheduler
         file and has a default value of 9581.
.sp 2
\fB-i \fIlmstat_interval\fB\fR
.br
         Optional. The frequency in seconds of the calls that LSF
         License Scheduler makes to the lmstat command to collect
         license usage information from the license manager.
.sp 2
         The default interval is 60 seconds.
.sp 2
\fB-D \fIlmstat_path\fB\fR
.br
         Optional. Location of the FlexNet command lmstat or the
         Reprise License Manager command rlmstat, overriding the
         value defined by the \fBLMSTAT_PATH\fR or
         \fBRLMSTAT_PATH\fR parameter in the Parameters section
         of the lsf.licensescheduler file.
.sp 2
\fB-t \fItimeout\fB\fR
.br
         Optional. Timeout value passed to the lmstat command,
         overwriting the value defined by the
         \fBLM_STAT_TIMEOUT\fR parameter in the Parameters or
         ServiceDomain section of the lsf.licensescheduler file.
.sp 2
         This option is ignored if the \fBLM_TYPE=RLM\fR
         parameter is defined in the Parameters section of the
         lsf.licensescheduler file.
.sp 2
\fB-h\fR
.br
         Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
\fB-V\fR
.br
         Prints release version to stderr and exits.
.SH See also

.sp 2
lsf.licensescheduler