
.ad l

.TH blcstat 1 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBblcstat\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Displays dynamic update information from the blcollect daemon for
LSF License Scheduler.
.sp 2

.SH Synopsis

.sp 2
\fBblcstat\fR [\fB-l\fR] [\fB\fRcollector_name ...]
.sp 2
\fBblcstat\fR [\fB-h\fR | \fB-V\fR]
.SH Description

.sp 2
Displays the time each license collector daemon (bcollect) last
sent an update to the bld daemon, along with the status of each
blcollect daemon.
.SH Options

.sp 2
\fB-l\fR
.br
         Long format. Displays detailed information for each
         blcollect daemon in a multiline format.
.sp 2
\fB\fIcollector_name\fB\fR
.br
         Displays information only for the specified blcollect
         daemons.
.sp 2
\fB-h\fR
.br
         Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
\fB-V\fR
.br
         Prints the release version to stderr and exits.
.SH Output

.sp 2
\fBCOLLECTOR_NAME\fR
.br
         The name of the license collector daemon as defined by
         the \fRLIC_COLLECTOR=\fIlicense_collector_name\fR\fR
         parameter in the \fRServiceDomain\fR sections of the
         lsf.licensescheduler file. By default, the name is
         \fR_default_\fR.
.sp 2
\fBSTATUS\fR
.br
         The status of the collector.
.sp 2
         \fB\fRok\fB\fR
.br
                  The collector is working and all license
                  servers can be reached.
.sp 2
         \fB\fR-ok\fB\fR
.br
                  The collector is working, but not all licenses
                  servers can be reached.
.sp 2
         \fB\fRunavail\fB\fR
.br
                  The collector cannot be reached.
.sp 2
\fBLAST_UPD_TIME\fR
.br
         The time the last update was received by the bld daemon
         for this collector.
.SH -l Output

.sp 2
The -l option displays a long format listing with the following
extra fields:
.sp 2
\fBHOST_NAME\fR
.br
         The name of the host that is running this collector.
.sp 2
\fBLICENSE_SERVER\fR
.br
         The license server that is configured in the
         \fRServiceDomain\fR section in the lsf.licensescheduler
         file for this collector.
.sp 2
         Multiple lines indicate multiple license servers.
.sp 2
         Multiple entries in one line, separated by a vertical
         bar \fR|\fR indicate configured redundant license
         servers (sharing a license file).
.sp 2
         License server has the following states:
.sp 2
         \fB\fRreachable\fB\fR
.br
                  The license server is running and providing
                  information to lmstat or rlmstat command.
.sp 2
         \fB\fRunreachable\fB\fR
.br
                  The license server is not running, or some
                  other problem blocks the flow of information to
                  the lmstat or rlmstat command.
.sp 2
         \fB\fRunknown\fB\fR
.br
                  The blcollect daemon is down.
.sp 2
\fBFEATURES\fR
.br
         The names of features that are running on license
         servers for this collector.
.sp 2
\fBLMSTAT_INTERVAL\fR
.br
         The interval between updates from this collector as set
         by the \fBLM_STAT_INTERVAL\fR parameter in the
         Parameters or ServiceDomain section of the
         lsf.licensescheduler file, or by the blcollect daemon at
         collector startup.
.sp 2
\fBLM_TYPE\fR
.br
         The types of license manager systems with which this
         collector can communicate.
.SH See also

.sp 2
blcollect