
.ad l

.TH blimits 1 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBblimits\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Displays information about resource allocation limits of running
jobs.
.sp 2

.SH Synopsis

.sp 2
\fBblimits\fR [\fB-a\fR] [\fB-c\fR] [\fB-w\fR] [\fB-A\fR
application_name ...] [\fB-fwd\fR [\fB-C \fR cluster_name ...]]
[\fB-Lp "\fRls_license_project\fB"\fR] [\fB-m\fR host_name |
\fB-m\fR host_group] [\fB-n\fR limit_name ...] [\fB-P\fR
project_name ...] [\fB-q\fR queue_name ...] [\fB-u\fR user_name |
\fB-u\fR user_group ...]
.sp 2
\fBblimits -gl\fR [\fB-a\fR] [\fB-c\fR] [\fB-w\fR] [\fB-A\fR
application_name ...] [\fB-C \fR cluster_name ...] [\fB-Lp
"\fRls_license_project\fB"\fR] [\fB-n\fR limit_name ...]
[\fB-P\fR project_name ...] [\fB-q\fR queue_name ...] [\fB-u\fR
user_name | \fB-u\fR user_group ...]
.sp 2
\fBblimits\fR \fB-h\fR | \fB-V\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Displays current usage of resource allocation limits configured
in Limit sections in the lsb.resources file:
.sp 2
*  Configured limit policy name
.sp 2
*  Users (-u option)
.sp 2
*  Queues (-q option)
.sp 2
*  Hosts (-m option)
.sp 2
*  Project names (-P option)
.sp 2
*  Application profiles (-A option)
.sp 2
*  Limits (\fRSLOTS\fR, \fRMEM\fR, \fRTMP\fR, \fRSWP\fR,
   \fRJOBS\fR, \fRINELIGIBLE\fR)
.sp 2
*  Limit configuration (-c option). This option is the same as
   the bresources command with no options.
.sp 2
Resources that have no configured limits or no limit usage are
indicated by a dash (-). Limits are displayed in a
\fRUSED/LIMIT\fR format. For example, if a limit of 10 slots is
configured and 3 slots are in use, then the blimits command
displays the limit for SLOTS as \fR3/10\fR.
.sp 2
\fBNote: \fRIf no jobs are running against resource allocation
limits, LSF indicates that no information can be displayed:
.sp 2
No resource usage found.
.br

.sp 2
If limits \fRMEM\fR, \fRSWP\fR, or \fRTMP\fR are configured as
percentages, both the limit and the amount that is used are
displayed in MB. For example, the lshosts command displays
\fRmaxmem\fR of 249 MB, and \fRMEM\fR is limited to 10% of
available memory. If 10 MB out of 25 MB are used, the blimits
command displays the limit for \fRMEM\fR as \fR10/25\fR (10 MB
\fRUSED\fR from a 25 MB \fRLIMIT\fR).
.sp 2
Limits are displayed for both the vertical tabular format and the
horizontal format for \fRLimit\fR sections. If a vertical format
\fRLimit\fR section has no name, the blimits command displays
\fRNONAME\fInnn\fR\fR under the \fRNAME\fR column for these
limits. The unnamed limits are numbered in the order that the
vertical-format \fRLimit\fR sections appear in the lsb.resources
file.
.sp 2
If a resource consumer is configured as \fRall\fR, the limit
usage for that consumer is indicated by a dash (\fR-\fR)
.sp 2
\fRPER_HOST\fR slot limits are not displayed. The bhosts command
displays these limits as \fRMAX\fR.
.sp 2
When LSF adds more resources to a running resizable job, the
blimits command displays the added resources. When LSF removes
resources from a running resizable job, the blimits command
displays the updated resources.
.sp 2
In LSF multicluster capability, the blimits command returns the
information about all limits in the local cluster.
.sp 2
Limit names and policies are set up by the LSF administrator in
the lsb.resources file.
.SH Options

.sp 2
\fB-a\fR
.br
         Displays information about all resource allocation
         limits, even if they are not being applied to running
         jobs. For limits with running jobs, blimits displays
         limit usage information. For limits that do not have any
         running jobs, blimits displays resource limit
         configuration information.
.sp 2
\fB-c\fR
.br
         Displays all resource configurations in the
         lsb.resources file. This option is the same as the
         bresources command with no options.
.sp 2
         If specified with the -gl option when using the LSF
         multicluster capability, displays the global limits
         configurations in the lsb.globalpolicies file instead of
         the resource configurations in the lsb.resources file.
.sp 2
\fB-fwd [-C \fIcluster_name\fB ...]\fR
.br
         Displays forward slot allocation limits. Use the -fwd
         option with the -c option to display forward slot limit
         configuration.
.sp 2
         The -fwd option cannot be used with the -gl or -m
         options.
.sp 2
         In LSF Advanced Edition, the \fR-fwd -C
         \fIcluster_name\fR\fR option displays forward slot
         allocation limits for one or more specified clusters.
         Use the -fwd -C option with the -c option to display
         forward slot limit configuration for the specified
         cluster.
.sp 2
\fB-gl\fR
.br
         Displays current usage of global limits that are
         configured in the lsb.globalpolicies file instead of the
         resource configurations in the lsb.resources file when
         using the LSF multicluster capability.
.sp 2
         The -gl option cannot be used with the -fwd or -m
         options.
.sp 2
\fB-w \fR
.br
         Displays resource allocation limits information in a
         wide format. Fields are displayed without truncation.
.sp 2
\fB-A \fIapplication_name\fB ... \fR
.br
         Displays resource allocation limits for the specified
         application profiles.
.sp 2
         If a list of applications is specified, application
         names must be separated by spaces and enclosed in
         quotation marks (\fR"\fR) or (\fR\(aq\fR).
.sp 2
\fB-Lp "\fIls_project_name\fB"\fR
.br
         Displays resource allocation limits for jobs that belong
         to the specified LSF License Scheduler project.
.sp 2
\fB-m \fI"host_name\fB|\fIhost_group"\fB\fR
.br
         Displays resource allocation limits for the specified
         hosts. Use quotation marks when you specify multiple
         hosts names or groups. Without quotation marks, only the
         first host name or group that is specified is used.
.sp 2
         To see the available hosts, use the bhosts command.
.sp 2
         The following limit information is displayed for host
         groups:
.sp 2
         *  If the limits are configured with the \fRHOSTS\fR
            parameter, the name of the host group is displayed.
.sp 2
         *  If the limits are configured with the \fRPER_HOST\fR
            parameter, the names of the hosts that belong to the
            group are displayed instead of the name of the host
            group.
.sp 2
         The -m option cannot be used with the -fwd or -gl
         options.
.sp 2
         \fBTip: \fR\fRPER_HOST\fR slot limits are not displayed.
         The bhosts command displays these limits as \fRMXJ\fR.
.sp 2
         To see a list of host groups, use the bmgroup comand.
.sp 2
\fB-n \fIlimit_name ...\fB\fR
.br
         Displays resource allocation limits the specified named
         \fRLimit\fR sections. If a list of limit sections is
         specified, \fRLimit\fR section names must be separated
         by spaces and enclosed in quotation marks (\fR"\fR or
         \fR\(aq\fR).
.sp 2
\fB-P \fIproject_name\fB ... \fR
.br
         Displays resource allocation limits for the specified
         projects.
.sp 2
         If a list of projects is specified, project names must
         be separated by spaces and enclosed in quotation marks
         (\fR"\fR) or (\fR\(aq\fR).
.sp 2
\fB-q \fIqueue_name\fB ... \fR
.br
         Displays resource allocation limits for the specified
         queues.
.sp 2
         The command bqueues returns a list of queues that are
         configured in the system, and information about the
         configurations of these queues.
.sp 2
         In LSF multicluster capability, you cannot specify
         remote queues.
.sp 2
\fB-u \fIuser_name\fB | -u \fIuser_group\fB ...\fR
.br
         Displays resource allocation limits for the specified
         users.
.sp 2
         If a list of users is specified, user names must be
         separated by spaces and enclosed in quotation marks
         (\fR"\fR) or (\fR\(aq\fR). You can specify both user names
         and user IDs in the list of users.
.sp 2
         If a user group is specified, displays the resource
         allocation limits that include that group in their
         configuration. To see a list of user groups, use the
         bugroup command).
.sp 2
\fB-h \fR
.br
         Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
\fB-V \fR
.br
         Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.SH Output

.sp 2
Configured limits and resource usage for built-in resources
(\fRslots\fR, \fRmem\fR, \fRtmp\fR, and \fRswp\fR load indices,
and running and suspended job limits) are displayed as
\fRINTERNAL RESOURCE LIMITS\fR separately from custom external
resources, which are shown as \fREXTERNAL RESOURCE LIMITS\fR.
.SH Output for resource consumers

.sp 2
The blimits command displays the following fields for resource
consumers:
.sp 2
\fBNAME\fR
.br
         The name of the limit policy as specified by the
         \fRLimit\fR section \fBNAME\fR parameter.
.sp 2
\fBUSERS\fR
.br
         List of user names or user groups on which the displayed
         limits are enforced, as specified by the \fRLimit\fR
         section parameters \fBUSERS\fR or \fBPER_USER\fR.
.sp 2
         User group names have a slash (\fR/\fR) added at the end
         of the group name.
.sp 2
\fBQUEUES\fR
.br
         The name of the queue to which the limits apply, as
         specified by the \fRLimit\fR section parameters
         \fBQUEUES\fR or \fBPER_QUEUES\fR.
.sp 2
         If the queue was removed from the configuration, the
         queue name is displayed as \fRlost_and_found\fR. Use the
         bhist command to get the original queue name. Jobs in
         the \fRlost_and_found\fR queue remain pending until they
         are switched with the bswitch command into another
         queue.
.sp 2
         In an LSF multicluster capability resource leasing
         environment, jobs that are scheduled by the consumer
         cluster display the remote queue name in the format
         \fR\fIqueue_name\fR@\fIcluster_name\fR\fR. By default,
         this field truncates at 10 characters, so you might not
         see the cluster name unless you use the -w or -l option.
.sp 2
\fBHOSTS\fR
.br
         List of hosts and host groups on which the displayed
         limits are enforced, as specified by the \fRLimit\fR
         section parameters \fBHOSTS\fR or \fBPER_HOSTS\fR.
.sp 2
         Host group names have a slash (\fR/\fR) added at the end
         of the group name.
.sp 2
         \fBTip: \fR\fBPER_HOST\fR slot limits are not displayed.
         The bhosts command displays these limits as \fRMXJ\fR.
.sp 2
\fBPROJECTS\fR
.br
         List of project names on which limits are enforced, as
         specified by the \fRLimit\fR section parameters
         \fBPROJECTS\fR or \fBPER_PROJECT\fR.
.sp 2
\fBAPPS\fR
.br
         List of application names on which limits are enforced,
         as specified by the \fRLimit\fR section parameters
         \fBAPPS\fR or \fBPER_APP\fR.
.SH Output for resource limits

.sp 2
The blimits command displays resource allocation limits for the
following resources:
.sp 2
\fBSLOTS\fR
.br
         Number of slots that are currently used and maximum
         number of slots that are configured for the limit
         policy, as specified by the \fRLimit\fR section
         \fBSLOTS\fR parameter.
.sp 2
\fBMEM\fR
.br
         Amount of memory that is currently used and maximum that
         is configured for the limit policy, as specified by the
         \fRLimit\fR section \fBMEM\fR parameter.
.sp 2
\fBTMP\fR
.br
         Amount of tmp space that is currently used and maximum
         amount of tmp space that is configured for the limit
         policy, as specified by the \fRLimit\fR section
         \fBTMP\fR parameter.
.sp 2
\fBSWP\fR
.br
         Amount of swap space that is currently used and maximum
         amount of swap space that is configured for the limit
         policy, as specified by the \fRLimit\fR section
         \fBSWP\fR parameter.
.sp 2
\fBJOBS\fR
.br
         Number of currently running and suspended jobs and the
         maximum number of jobs that are configured for the limit
         policy, as specified by the \fRLimit\fR section
         \fBJOBS\fR parameter.
.sp 2
\fBINELIGIBLE\fR
.br
         Displays the value that has been configured , as
         specified by the \fRLimit\fR section parameter
         \fBINELIGIBLE\fR.
.SH See also

.sp 2
bclusters, bhosts, bhist, bmgroup, bqueues, bugroup,
lsb.resources