
.ad l

.TH blinfo 1 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBblinfo\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Displays static LSF License Scheduler configuration information
.sp 2

.SH Synopsis

.sp 2
\fBblinfo\fR \fB-Lp\fR | \fB-p\fR | \fB-D\fR | \fB-G\fR |
\fB-P\fR
.sp 2
\fBblinfo\fR [\fB-a\fR [\fB-t\fR token_name | \fB"\fRtoken_name
 ...\fB"\fR]] [\fB-o\fR \fBalpha\fR | \fBtotal\fR] [\fB-g
"\fRfeature_group ...\fB"\fR]
.sp 2
\fBblinfo\fR \fB-A\fR [\fB-t\fR token_name | \fB"\fRtoken_name
 ...\fB"\fR] [\fB-o\fR \fBalpha\fR | \fBtotal\fR ] [\fB-g
"\fRfeature_group ...\fB"\fR]
.sp 2
\fBblinfo\fR \fB-C\fR [\fB-t\fR token_name | \fB"\fRtoken_name
 ...\fB"\fR] [\fB-o\fR \fBalpha\fR | \fBtotal\fR\fB\fR] [\fB-g
"\fRfeature_group ...\fB"\fR]
.sp 2
\fBblinfo\fR [\fB-t\fR token_name | \fB"\fRtoken_name ...\fB"\fR]
[\fB-o\fR \fBalpha\fR | \fBtotal\fR] [\fB-g "\fRfeature_group
 ...\fB"\fR]
.sp 2
\fBblinfo\fR [ \fB-h\fR | \fB-V\fR]
.SH Description

.sp 2
By default, displays information about the distribution of
licenses that are managed by LSF License Scheduler.
.SH Options for cluster mode and project mode

.sp 2
\fB-a\fR
.br
         Shows all information, including information about
         non-shared licenses (defined by the
         \fBNON_SHARED_DISTRIBUTION\fR parameter) and workload
         distribution (defined by the \fBWORKLOAD_DISTRIBUTION\fR
         parameter).
.sp 2
         You can optionally provide license token names.
.sp 2
         The blinfo -a command does not display non-shared
         information for hierarchical project group scheduling
         policies. Use the blinfo -G command to see hierarchical
         license project group configuration.
.sp 2
\fB-C\fR
.br
         Shows the cluster locality information for license
         features.
.sp 2
         You can optionally provide license token names.
.sp 2
\fB-D\fR
.br
         Lists the LSF License Scheduler service domains and the
         corresponding license server hosts.
.sp 2
\fB-g \fIfeature_group\fB ...\fR
.br
         When the \fBFEATURE_GROUP\fR parameter is configured for
         a group of license features in the lsf.licensescheduler
         file, shows only information about the features that are
         configured in the \fBFEATURE_LIST\fR parameter of the
         specified feature groups. You can specify more than one
         feature group at one time.
.sp 2
         When you specify feature names with the -t option,
         features in the feature list that is defined by the -t
         option and feature groups are both displayed.
.sp 2
         Feature groups that are listed with -g but not defined
         in the lsf.licensescheduler file are ignored.
.sp 2
\fB-o alpha | total\fR
.br
         Sorts license feature information by total tokens.
.sp 2
         \fBalpha\fR
.br
                  Features are listed in descending alphabetical
                  order.
.sp 2
         \fBtotal\fR
.br
                  Features are sorted by the descending order of
                  the sum of licenses that are allocated to LSF
                  workload from all the service domains that are
                  configured to supply licenses to the feature.
                  Licenses that are borrowed by non-LSF workload
                  are included in this amount.
.sp 2
\fB-p\fR
.br
         Displays values of lsf.licensescheduler configuration
         parameters and lsf.conf parameters that are related to
         LSF License Scheduler. Use this option for
         troubleshooting.
.sp 2
\fB-t \fItoken_name\fB | "\fItoken_name\fB ..."\fR
.br
         Shows only information about specified license tokens.
         Use spaces to separate multiple names, and enclose them
         in quotation marks.
.sp 2
\fB-P\fR
.br
         When the \fRLS_FEATURE_PERCENTAGE=Y\fR or
         \fRLS_ACTIVE_PERCENTAGE=Y\fR parameter is specified,
         lists the license ownership (if applicable) in
         percentage.
.sp 2
\fB-h\fR
.br
         Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
\fB-V\fR
.br
         Prints the LSF License Scheduler release version to
         stderr and exits.
.SH Options for project mode only

.sp 2
\fB-G\fR
.br
         Lists the hierarchical configuration information.
.sp 2
         If the \fBPRIORITY\fR parameter is defined in the
         \fRProjectGroup\fR section of the lsf.licensescheduler
         file, shows the priorities of each project.
.sp 2
\fB-Lp\fR
.br
         Lists the active projects that are managed by LSF
         License Scheduler.
.sp 2
         The -Lp option displays only projects that are
         associated with configured features.
.sp 2
         If the \fBPRIORITY\fR parameter is defined in the
         \fRProjectGroup\fR section of the lsf.licensescheduler
         file, shows the priorities of each project.
.SH Default output

.sp 2
Displays the following fields:
.sp 2
\fBFEATURE\fR
.br
         The license name. This name becomes the license token
         name.
.sp 2
         When the \fBLOCAL_TO\fR parameter is configured for a
         feature in the lsf.licensescheduler file, the blinfo
         command shows the cluster locality information for the
         license features.
.sp 2
\fBMODE\fR
.br
         The mode of the license.
.sp 2
         \fB\fRCluster\fB\fR
.br
                  Cluster mode.
.sp 2
         \fB\fRProject\fB\fR
.br
                  Project mode.
.sp 2
\fBSERVICE_DOMAIN\fR
.br
         The name of the service domain that provided the
         license.
.sp 2
\fBTOTAL\fR
.br
         The total number of licenses that are managed by
         FlexNet. This number comes from FlexNet.
.sp 2
\fBDISTRIBUTION\fR
.br
         The distribution of the licenses among license projects
         in the format \fR[\fIproject_name\fR,
         \fIpercentage\fR[/\fInumber_licenses_owned\fR]]\fR.
         Distribution shows how many licenses a project is
         entitled to use when there is competition for licenses.
         The percentage is calculated from the share that is
         specified in the configuration file.
.SH All output with the -a option

.sp 2
As default output, plus all other feature-level parameters
defined for each feature.
.SH Cluster locality output with the -C option

.sp 2
\fBNAME\fR
.br
         The license feature token name.
.sp 2
         When the \fBLOCAL_TO\fR parameter is configured for a
         feature in the lsf.licensescheduler file, the blinfo
         command shows the cluster locality information for the
         license features.
.sp 2
\fBLM_LICENSE_NAME\fR
.br
         The actual FlexNet feature name, which is the name that
         is used by FlexNet to identify the type of license.
         Might be different from the LSF License Scheduler token
         name if a different \fBLM_LICENSE_NAME\fR is specified
         in the lsf.licensescheduler file.
.sp 2
\fBCLUSTER_NAME \fR
.br
         The name of the cluster the feature is assigned to.
.sp 2
\fBFEATURE\fR
.br
         The license feature name. This name becomes the license
         token name.
.sp 2
         When the \fBLOCAL_TO\fR parameter is configured for a
         feature in the lsf.licensescheduler file, the blinfo
         command shows the cluster locality information for the
         license features.
.sp 2
\fBSERVICE_DOMAIN\fR
.br
         The service domain name.
.SH Service Domain Output with the -D option

.sp 2
\fBSERVICE_DOMAIN\fR
.br
         The service domain name.
.sp 2
\fBLIC_SERVERS\fR
.br
         Names of license server hosts that belong to the service
         domain. Each host name is enclosed in parentheses, as
         shown:
.sp 2
         \fR(\fIport_number\fR@\fIhost_name\fR)\fR
.sp 2
         Redundant hosts, which share the same license manager
         license file, are grouped as shown:
.sp 2
         \fR(\fIport_number\fR@\fIhost_name
         port_number\fR@\fIhost_name
         port_number\fR@\fIhost_name\fR)\fR
.sp 2
\fBLM\fR
.br
         The license manager system that the license servers in
         the service domain are using.
.SH Parameters Output with the -p option

.sp 2
Displays values set in the Parameters section of the
lsf.licensescheduler file.
.sp 2
Displays the following parameter values from the lsf.conf file:
.sp 2
\fBLS_LOG_MASK or LOG_MASK\fR
.br
         Specifies the logging level of error messages for LSF
         License Scheduler daemons. If the \fBLS_LOG_MASK\fR
         parameter is not defined in the lsf.licensescheduler
         file, the value of the \fBLSF_LOG_MASK\fR parameter in
         the lsf.conf file is used. If the \fBLS_LOG_MASK\fR
         parameter and the \fBLSF_LOG_MASK\fR parameter are not
         defined, the default is \fRLOG_WARNING\fR.
.sp 2
         LS_LOG_MASK=LOG_DEBUG
.br

.sp 2
         The following log levels in order from highest to lowest
         are supported:
.sp 2
         *  \fRLOG_WARNING\fR
.sp 2
         *  \fRLOG_DEBUG\fR
.sp 2
         *  \fRLOG_DEBUG1\fR
.sp 2
         *  \fRLOG_DEBUG2\fR
.sp 2
         *  \fRLOG_DEBUG3\fR
.sp 2
         The most important LSF License Scheduler log messages
         are at the \fRLOG_WARNING\fR level. Messages at the
         \fRLOG_DEBUG\fR level are useful only for debugging.
.sp 2
\fBLSF_LIC_SCHED_HOSTS\fR
.br
         List of hosts that are candidate LSF License Scheduler
         hosts. Defined in the lsf.conf file.
.sp 2
\fBLSF_LIC_SCHED_PREEMPT_REQUEUE\fR
.br
         Specifies whether to requeue or suspend a job whose
         license is preempted by LSF License Scheduler. Defined
         in the lsf.conf file.
.sp 2
\fBLSF_LIC_SCHED_PREEMPT_SLOT_RELEASE\fR
.br
         Specifies whether to release the resources of a job that
         is suspended when its license is preempted by LSF
         License Scheduler. Defined in the lsf.conf file.
.sp 2
\fBLSF_LIC_SCHED_PREEMPT_STOP\fR
.br
         Specifies whether to use job controls to stop a job that
         is preempted. Defined in the lsf.conf file.
.SH Allocation output with -A option, project mode

.sp 2
\fBFEATURE\fR
.br
         The license name. This name becomes the license token
         name.
.sp 2
         When the \fBLOCAL_TO\fR parameter is configured for a
         feature in the lsf.licensescheduler file, the blinfo
         command shows the cluster locality information for the
         license features.
.sp 2
\fBPROJECT\fR
.br
         The LSF License Scheduler project name.
.sp 2
\fBALLOCATION\fR
.br
         The percentage of shares that are assigned to each
         cluster for a feature and a project.
.SH Hierarchical Output with the -G option, project mode

.sp 2
The following fields describe the values of their corresponding
configuration fields in the \fRProjectGroup\fR Section of the
lsf.licensescheduler file.
.sp 2
\fBGROUP\fR
.br
         The project names in the hierarchical grouping and its
         relationships. Each entry specifies the name of the
         hierarchical group and its members. The entry is
         enclosed in parentheses as shown:
.sp 2
         \fR(\fIgroup\fR (\fImember\fR ...))\fR
.sp 2
\fBSHARES\fR
.br
         The shares that are assigned to the hierarchical group
         member projects.
.sp 2
\fBOWNERSHIP\fR
.br
         The number of licenses that each project owns.
.sp 2
\fBLIMITS\fR
.br
         The maximum number of licenses that the hierarchical
         group member project can use at any one time.
.sp 2
\fBNON_SHARED\fR
.br
         The number of licenses that the hierarchical group
         member projects use exclusively.
.sp 2
\fBPRIORITY\fR
.br
         The priority of the project if it is different from the
         default behavior. A larger number indicates a higher
         priority.
.sp 2
\fBDESCRIPTION\fR
.br
         The description of the project group.
.SH Project Output with the -LP option, project mode

.sp 2
List of active LSF License Scheduler projects.
.sp 2
-Lp displays only projects that are associated with configured
features.
.sp 2
\fBPROJECT\fR
.br
         The project name.
.sp 2
\fBPRIORITY\fR
.br
         The priority of the project if it is different from the
         default behavior. A larger number indicates a higher
         priority.
.sp 2
\fBDESCRIPTION\fR
.br
         The description of the project.
.SH Examples

.sp 2
The blinfo -a command (project mode) displays both
\fRNON_SHARED_DISTRIBUTION\fR and \fRWORKLOAD_DISTRIBUTION\fR
information when they are defined:
.sp 2
blinfo -a
.br
FEATURE      SERVICE_DOMAIN  TOTAL  DISTRIBUTION
.br
g1           LS              3      [p1, 50.0%] [p2, 50.0% / 2]
.br
                                   NON_SHARED_DISTRIBUTION
.br
                                   [p2, 2]
.br
                                   WORKLOAD_DISTRIBUTION
.br
                                   [LSF 66.7%, NON_LSF 33.3%]
.br

.SH Files

.sp 2
Reads the lsf.licensescheduler file
.SH See also

.sp 2
blstat, blusers, lsf.licensescheduler, lsf.conf