
.ad l

.TH blparams 1 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBblparams\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Displays information about configurable LSF License Scheduler
parameters that are defined in the files lsf.licensescheduler and
lsf.conf
.sp 2

.SH Synopsis

.sp 2
\fBblparams\fR [\fB-h\fR | \fB-V\fR]
.SH Description

.sp 2
Displays values set in the Parameters section of the
lsf.licensescheduler file.
.sp 2
Displays the following parameter values from the lsf.conf file:
.sp 2
\fBLS_LOG_MASK or LOG_MASK\fR
.br
         Specifies the logging level of error messages for LSF
         License Scheduler daemons. If the \fBLS_LOG_MASK\fR
         parameter is not defined in the lsf.licensescheduler
         file, the value of the \fBLSF_LOG_MASK\fR parameter in
         the lsf.conf file is used. If \fBLS_LOG_MASK\fR and
         \fBLSF_LOG_MASK\fR are not defined, the default is
         \fRLOG_WARNING\fR.
.sp 2
         LS_LOG_MASK=LOG_DEBUG
.br

.sp 2
         The following log levels are supported in order from
         highest to lowest:
.sp 2
         *  \fRLOG_WARNING\fR
.sp 2
         *  \fRLOG_DEBUG\fR
.sp 2
         *  \fRLOG_DEBUG1\fR
.sp 2
         *  \fRLOG_DEBUG2\fR
.sp 2
         *  \fRLOG_DEBUG3\fR
.sp 2
         The most important LSF License Scheduler log messages
         are at the \fRLOG_WARNING\fR level. Messages at the
         \fRLOG_DEBUG\fR level are useful only for debugging.
.sp 2
\fBLSF_LIC_SCHED_HOSTS\fR
.br
         List of hosts that are candidate LSF License Scheduler
         hosts. Defined in the lsf.conf file.
.sp 2
\fBLSF_LIC_SCHED_PREEMPT_REQUEUE\fR
.br
         Specifies whether to requeue or suspend a job whose
         license is preempted by LSF License Scheduler. Defined
         in the lsf.conf file.
.sp 2
\fBLSF_LIC_SCHED_PREEMPT_SLOT_RELEASE\fR
.br
         Specifies whether to release the slot of a job that is
         suspended when its license is preempted by LSF License
         Scheduler. Defined in the lsf.conf file.
.sp 2
\fBLSF_LIC_SCHED_PREEMPT_STOP\fR
.br
         Specifies whether to use job controls to stop a job that
         is preempted. Defined in the lsf.conf file.
.SH Options

.sp 2
\fB-h\fR
.br
         Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
\fB-V\fR
.br
         Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.SH See also

.sp 2
lsf.licensescheduler, lsf.conf