
.ad l

.TH bltasks 1 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBbltasks\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Displays LSF License Scheduler interactive task information.
.sp 2

.SH Synopsis

.sp 2
\fBbltasks\fR [\fB-l\fR] [task_ID]
.sp 2
\fBbltasks\fR [\fB-l\fR] [\fB-p\fR | \fB-r\fR | \fB-w\fR] [\fB-Lp
"\fRls_project_name...\fB"\fR] [\fB-m "\fRhost_name...\fB"\fR]
[\fB-t "\fRterminal_name...\fB"\fR] [\fB-u
"\fRuser_name...\fB"\fR]
.sp 2
\fBbltasks\fR [ | \fB-h\fR | \fB-V\fR]
.SH Description

.sp 2
Displays current information about interactive tasks that were
submitted by using taskman.
.sp 2
By default, displays information about all tasks that are managed
by LSF License Scheduler.
.SH Options

.sp 2
\fB\fItask_ID\fB\fR
.br
         Displays information only about the specified task.
.sp 2
\fB-l \fR
.br
         Long format. Displays detailed information for each task
         in a multiline format.
.sp 2
\fB-p \fR
.br
         Displays information only about tasks with
         \fRPREEMPTED\fR status.
.sp 2
         Cannot be used with the -r or -w option.
.sp 2
\fB-r \fR
.br
         Displays information only about tasks with RUN status.
.br
         Cannot be used with the -p or -w option.
.sp 2
\fB-w \fR
.br
         Displays information only about tasks with \fRWAIT\fR
         status.
.br
         Cannot be used with the -p or -r option.
.sp 2
\fB-Lp "\fIls_project_name\fB..."\fR
.br
         Displays information only about tasks that are
         associated with the specified projects.
.sp 2
         If project group paths are enabled (the
         \fRPROJECT_GROUP_PATH=Y\fR parameter in the
         lsf.licensescheduler file) and a task has multiple
         effective license projects, displays only the first task
         that is associated with the specified effective license
         project.
.sp 2
\fB-m "\fIhost_name\fB..."\fR
.br
         Displays information only about tasks that are submitted
         from the specified hosts.
.sp 2
\fB-t "\fIterminal_name\fB..."\fR
.br
         Displays information only about tasks that are submitted
         from the specified terminals.
.sp 2
\fB-u "\fIuser_name\fB..."\fR
.br
         Displays information only about tasks that are submitted
         by the specified users.
.sp 2
\fB-h\fR
.br
         Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
\fB-V\fR
.br
         Prints LSF License Scheduler release version to stderr
         and exits.
.SH Default Output

.sp 2
Displays the short format with the following information:
.sp 2
\fBTID\fR
.br
         Task ID that LSF License Scheduler assigned to the task.
.sp 2
\fBUSER\fR
.br
         The user who submitted the task.
.sp 2
\fBSTAT\fR
.br
         The status of the task.
.sp 2
         \fB\fRRUN\fB\fR
.br
                  Task is running.
.sp 2
         \fB\fRWAIT\fB\fR
.br
                  Task is not yet started.
.sp 2
         \fB\fRPREEMPT\fB\fR
.br
                  Task was preempted and currently has no license
                  token.
.sp 2
\fBHOST\fR
.br
         The name of host from which the task was submitted.
.sp 2
\fBPROJECT\fR
.br
         The name of the project to which the task belongs.
.sp 2
\fBFEATURES\fR
.br
         Name of the LSF License Scheduler token.
.sp 2
\fBCONNECT TIME\fR
.br
         The submission time of the task.
.sp 2
\fBEFFECTIVE_PROJECT\fR
.br
         The actual project that the job used. If group project
         paths are enabled with the PROJECT_GROUP_PATH=Y
         parameter in the \fRParameters\fR section of the
         lsf.licensescheduler file, LSF License Scheduler
         attempts to calculate a proper project according to the
         configuration if the license project does not exist or
         is not authorized for the features. Otherwise, the
         submission license project is the effective license
         project.
.SH Output for -l Option

.sp 2
Displays detailed information for each task in multi-line format.
If the task is in \fRWAIT\fR status, the bltasks command displays
\fRThe application manager is waiting for a token to start\fR and
the resource requirement. Otherwise, the following current
resource usage of task is displayed:
.sp 2
\fBTERMINAL\fR
.br
         The terminal the task is using.
.sp 2
\fBPGID\fR
.br
         UNIX process group ID.
.sp 2
\fBCPU\fR
.br
         The total accumulated CPU time of all processes in a
         task, in seconds.
.sp 2
\fBMEM\fR
.br
         Total resident memory usage of all processes in a task,
         in KB.
.sp 2
\fBSWAP\fR
.br
         Total virtual memory usage of all processes in a task,
         in KB.
.sp 2
\fBKeyboard idle since\fR
.br
         Time at which the task became idle.
.sp 2
\fBRES_REQ\fR
.br
         The resource requirement of the task.
.sp 2
\fBCommand line\fR
.br
         The command the LSF License Scheduler task manager is
         running.