
.ad l

.TH blusers 1 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBblusers\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Displays license usage information for LSF License Scheduler.
.sp 2

.SH Synopsis

.sp 2
\fBblusers\fR [\fB-J\fR [\fB-u\fR user_name]] [\fB-t\fR
token_name...] [\fB-l\fR]
.sp 2
\fBblusers\fR \fB-P\fR [\fB-lm\fR] \fB-j\fR job_ID \fB-u\fR
user_name \fB-m\fR host_name [\fB-c\fR cluster_name]
.sp 2
\fBblusers\fR [\fB-h\fR | \fB-V\fR]
.SH Description

.sp 2
By default, displays summarized information about usage of
licenses.
.SH Options

.sp 2
\fB-J\fR
.br
         Displays detailed license resource request information
         about each job.
.sp 2
         In cluster mode, blusers -J displays tokens for features
         where the job checks out licenses in excess of the
         \fRrusage\fR value, which are tokens that are checked
         out to features that a job did not explicitly request.
         These features have an \fRINUSE\fR value, but no
         \fRRUSAGE\fR value.
.sp 2
\fB-u \fIuser_name\fB\fR
.br
         Displays detailed license resource request information
         about each job that belongs to the single user
         specified.
.sp 2
\fB-t\fR
.br
         Displays detailed license resource request information
         about each job that uses the token names specified.
.sp 2
\fB-l\fR
.br
         Long format. Displays more license usage information.
.sp 2
\fB-P [-lm] -j \fIjob_ID\fB -u \fIuser_name\fB -m
\fIhost_name\fB\fR
.br
\fB-P [-lm] -c \fIcluster_name\fB -j \fIjob_ID\fB -u
\fIuser_name\fB -m \fIhost_name\fB\fR
.br
         This string of options is used in a customized
         preemption script. To identify a job, specify the LSF
         job ID, the user name, the name of the host where the
         job is running, and the cluster name.
.br
         If the job is an interactive task that is submitted with
         the taskman command, do not specify the \fR-c
         \fIcluster_name\fR\fR option.
.sp 2
         You see the display terminal that is used by the job,
         its checked out licenses, and the license servers that
         provided the licenses. Each license feature from each
         license server has one line of output, in the following
         format:
.sp 2
         \fR\fIport_number\fR@\fIhost_name token_name user_name
         host_name display\fR\fR
.sp 2
         Specify the -lm option to display the license manager
         system type and the necessary information that is used
         in a customized preemption script. The -lm option is
         required to display information on Reprise License
         Manager features. Each license feature from each license
         server has one line of output, in the following format:
.sp 2
         \fRFLEXLM \fIport_number\fR@\fIhost_name token_name
         user_name host_name display\fR\fR
.sp 2
         \fRRLM \fIhost_name port_number vendor handle\fR\fR
.sp 2
         If you use Reprise License Manager and you do not
         specify the -lm option, the output for the Reprise
         License Manager feature is \fRNO TTY
         \fIfeature_name\fR\fR.
.sp 2
\fB-h\fR
.br
         Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
\fB-V\fR
.br
         Prints LSF License Scheduler release version to stderr
         and exits.
.SH Default output

.sp 2
\fBFEATURE \fR
.br
         The license name. This feature name becomes the license
         token name.
.sp 2
\fBSERVICE_DOMAIN\fR
.br
         The name of the service domain that provided the
         license.
.sp 2
\fBUSER \fR
.br
         The name of the user who submitted the jobs.
.sp 2
\fBHOST \fR
.br
         The name of the host where jobs started.
.sp 2
\fBNLICS\fR
.br
         The number of licenses that are checked out from
         FlexNet.
.sp 2
\fBNTASKS\fR
.br
         The number of running tasks that use these licenses.
.SH -J output

.sp 2
The -J option displays the following summary information for each
job:
.sp 2
\fBJOBID \fR
.br
         The job ID assigned by LSF.
.sp 2
\fBUSER \fR
.br
         The name of the user who submitted the job.
.sp 2
\fBHOST \fR
.br
         The name of the host where the job started.
.sp 2
\fBPROJECT \fR
.br
         The name of the license project that the job is
         associated with.
.sp 2
\fBCLUSTER \fR
.br
         The name of the LSF cluster that the job is associated
         with. Displays a dash (\fR-\fR) for an interactive job.
.sp 2
\fBSTART_TIME \fR
.br
         The job start time.
.sp 2
The -J option displays the following information for each license
in use by the job:
.sp 2
\fBRESOURCE\fR
.br
         The name of the license that is requested by the job.
.sp 2
\fBRUSAGE \fR
.br
         The number of licenses that are requested by the job.
.sp 2
\fBSERVICE_DOMAIN\fR
.br
         The name of the service domain that provided the
         license.
.sp 2
         The keyword \fRUNKNOWN\fR means that the job requested a
         license from LSF License Scheduler but did not check out
         the license from FlexNet.
.sp 2
\fBINUSE\fR
.br
         The number of checked out licenses. Displays a dash
         (\fR-\fR) when the \fRSERVICE_DOMAIN\fR value is
         \fRUNKNOWN\fR.
.sp 2
\fBEFFECTIVE_PROJECT\fR
.br
         The actual project that the job used. If group project
         paths are enabled (the \fRPROJECT_GROUP_PATH=Y\fR
         parameter in the Parameters section of the
         lsf.licensescheduler file), LSF License Scheduler
         attempts to calculate a proper project according to the
         configuration if the license project does not exist or
         is not authorized for the feature. Otherwise, the
         submission license project is the effective license
         project.
.SH Long output with the -l option

.sp 2
The -l option displays the default output and the following
additional information for each job:
.sp 2
\fBOTHERS\fR
.br
         License usage for non-managed or non-LSF workload.
.sp 2
\fBDISPLAYS\fR
.br
         Terminal display that is associated with the license
         feature. When Reprise License Manager is the license
         manager (the \fRLM_TYPE=RLM\fR parameter in the
         lsf.licensescheduler file), this field displays no
         information: \fR()\fR.
.SH Examples

.sp 2
blusers -l
.br
FEATURE  SERVICE_DOMAIN  USER   HOST    NLICS   NTASKS OTHERS  DISPLAYS 
.br
feat1    LanServer       user1  hostA   1       1      0     (/dev/tty) 
.br

.sp 2
blusers -J
.br
JOBID   USER      HOST      PROJECT             CLUSTER        START_TIME
.br
553     user1     hostA     project3            cluster1       Oct  5 15:47:14
.br
RESOURCE        RUSAGE        SERVICE_DOMAIN   INUSE  EFFECTIVE_PROJECT
.br
feature1        1             SD1              1      /group2/project3
.br
feature2        1             SD1              1      /group2/others
.br
feature3        -             SD1              1      /group2/project3
.br

.sp 2
blusers -P -lm -j 101 -u user1 -m hostA -c cluster1
.br
FLEXLM 19999@server f1 user1 hostA /dev/tty
.br
RLM server1 5053 demo 41
.SH See also

.sp 2
blhosts, blinfo, blstat