
.ad l

.TH bmgroup 1 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBbmgroup\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Displays information about host groups and compute units.
.sp 2

.SH Synopsis

.sp 2
\fBbmgroup\fR [\fB-r\fR] [\fB-l\fR] [\fB-w\fR] [\fB-cu\fR]
[\fB-cname\fR] [group_name... | cluster_name]
.sp 2
\fBbmgroup\fR [\fB-h\fR | \fB-V\fR]
.SH Description

.sp 2
Displays compute units, host groups, host names, and
administrators for each group or unit. Host group administrators
are expanded to show individual user names even if a user group
is the configured administrator. Group administrators who are
inherited from member subgroups are also shown.
.sp 2
By default, displays information about all compute units, host
partitions, and host groups, including host groups created for
EGO-enabled SLA scheduling.
.sp 2
Leased-in hosts are displayed as a list of hosts in the form
\fRhost_name@cluster_name\fR (for example, \fRhosta@cluster1\fR).
If the \fBLSB_BMGROUP_ALLREMOTE_EXPAND=N\fR parameter is
configured in the \fRlsf.conf\fR file or as an environment
variable, leased-in hosts are represented by a single keyword
\fRallremote\fR instead of being displayed as a list.
.SH Host groups for EGO-enabled SLA

.sp 2
When hosts are allocated to an EGO-enabled SLA, they are
dynamically added to a host group created by the SLA. The name of
the host group is \fR_sla_\fIsla_name\fR\fR, where \fIsla_name\fR
is the name of the EGO-enabled SLA defined in the
lsb.serviceclasses file or in the \fBENABLE_DEFAULT_EGO_SLA\fR
parameter in the lsb.params file. One of the hosts in the host
group has the name \fR_virtual\fR.
.sp 2
When the host is released to EGO, the entry is removed from the
host group. The bmgroup command displays the hosts that are
allocated by EGO to the host group created by the SLA.
.SH Options

.sp 2
\fB-l\fR
.br
         Displays static and dynamic host group members. A plus
         sign (\fR+\fR) before the host name indicates that the
         host is dynamic and is a member of the compute unit,
         host partitions, or host group. A minus sign (\fR-\fR)
         before the host name indicates that the host is not an
         EGO host but is a member of the dynamic group,
         partition, or unit.
.sp 2
         Also identifies condensed compute units, host
         partitions, or host groups as defined by \fBCONDENSE\fR
         in the \fRHostGroup\fR or \fRComputeUnit\fR section of
         the lsb.hosts file.
.sp 2
\fB-r\fR
.br
         Expands host groups, host partitions, and compute units
         recursively. The expanded list contains only host names;
         it does not contain the names of subgroups. Duplicate
         names are listed only once.
.sp 2
\fB-w\fR
.br
         Wide format. Displays names without truncating fields.
.sp 2
\fB-cname\fR
.br
         In LSF Advanced Edition, includes the cluster name for
         execution cluster host groups in output. The output is
         sorted by cluster and then by host group name.
.sp 2
         \fBNote: \fRThis command option is deprecated and might
         be removed in a future version of LSF.
.sp 2
\fB-cu\fR
.br
         Displays compute unit information. Use with
         \fIcu_name\fR]to display only the specified compute
         unit.
.sp 2
\fB\fIgroup_name\fB\fR
.br
         Displays only information about the specified host
         groups (or compute unit with the -cu option). Do not use
         quotation marks when you specify multiple groups.
.sp 2
\fB-h\fR
.br
         Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
\fB-V\fR
.br
         Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.SH Output

.sp 2
In the list of hosts, a name followed by a slash (\fR/\fR)
indicates a subgroup.
.SH Files

.sp 2
Host groups, compute units, and host partitions are configured in
the configuration file lsb.hosts. Compute unit types are defined
by the \fBCOMPUTE_UNIT_TYPES\fR parameter in the lsb.params file.
.SH See also

.sp 2
lsb.hosts, lsb.params, bugroup, bhosts