
.ad l

.TH bpeek 1 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBbpeek\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Displays the stdout and stderr output of an unfinished job.
.sp 2

.SH Synopsis

.sp 2
\fBbpeek\fR [\fB-f\fR] [\fB-q\fR queue_name | \fB-m\fR host_name
| \fB-J\fR job_name | job_ID |
\fB"\fRjob_ID\fB[\fRindex_list\fB]"\fR]
.sp 2
\fBbpeek\fR [\fB-h\fR | \fB-V\fR]
.SH Description

.sp 2
Displays the standard output and standard error output that is
produced by one of your unfinished jobs, up to the time that you
run the command.
.sp 2
By default, displays the output by using the command cat.
.sp 2
This command is useful for monitoring the progress of a job and
identifying errors. If errors are observed, valuable user time
and system resources can be saved by stopping an erroneous job.
.SH Options

.sp 2
\fB-f\fR
.br
         Displays the output of the job by using the command tail
         -f. When the job is completed, the bpeek -f command
         exits.
.sp 2
         If the peeked job is requeued or migrated, abort any
         previous bpeek -f command and rerun the bpeek -f
         command.
.sp 2
\fB-q \fIqueue_name\fB \fR
.br
         Operates on your most recently submitted job in the
         specified queue.
.sp 2
\fB-m \fIhost_name\fB\fR
.br
         Operates on your most recently submitted job that was
         dispatched to the specified host.
.sp 2
\fB-J \fIjob_name\fB\fR
.br
         Operates on your most recently submitted job that has
         the specified job name.
.sp 2
         The job name can be up to 4094 characters long. Job
         names are not unique.
.sp 2
         The wildcard character (\fR*\fR) can be used anywhere
         within a job name, but it cannot appear within an array
         index. For example, the pattern \fRjob*\fR returns
         \fRjobA\fR and \fRjobarray[1]\fR. The \fR*AAA*[1]\fR
         pattern returns the first element in job arrays with
         names that contain \fRAAA\fR. However, the pattern
         \fRjob1[*]\fR does not return anything since the
         wildcard is within the array index.
.sp 2
\fB\fIjob_ID\fB | "\fIjob_ID[index_list]\fB" \fR
.br
         Operates on the specified job.
.sp 2
\fB-h \fR
.br
         Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
\fB-V \fR
.br
         Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.SH See also

.sp 2
cat, tail, bsub, bjobs, bhist, bhosts, bqueues