
.ad l

.TH bread 1 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBbread\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Reads messages and attached data files from a job.
.sp 2

.SH Synopsis

.sp 2
\fBbread\fR [\fB-i\fR message_index] [\fB-a\fR file_name]
[\fB-w\fR]job_ID | \fB"\fRjob_ID\fB[\fRindex\fB]"\fR | \fB-J\fR
job_name
.sp 2
\fBbread\fR [\fB-h\fR | \fB-V\fR]
.SH Description

.sp 2
Reads messages and data posted to an unfinished job with the
bpost command.
.sp 2
By default, displays the message description text of the job. By
default, operates on the message with index \fR0\fR.
.sp 2
You can read messages and data from a job until it is cleaned
from the system. You cannot read messages and data from done or
exited jobs.
.sp 2
If you specify a job ID, you can take the following actions:
.sp 2
*  You can get read messages of jobs submitted by other users,
   but you cannot read data files that are attached to jobs
   submitted by other users.
.sp 2
*  You can read only data files that are attached to your own
   jobs.
.sp 2
*  Root and LSF administrators can read messages of jobs that are
   submitted by other users.
.sp 2
*  Root and LSF administrators cannot read data files that are
   attached to jobs submitted by other users.
.sp 2
Job names are not unique; if you specify the \fR-J
\fIjob_name\fR\fR option the following actions are supported:
.sp 2
*  You can read messages and data only from your own jobs.
.sp 2
*  You cannot read messages and data from jobs that are submitted
   by other users.
.sp 2
*  Root and the LSF administrators can read messages and data
   only from their own jobs.
.sp 2
The bstatus command is equivalent to the following command:
.sp 2
bread -i 0
.br

.SH Options

.sp 2
\fB-a \fIfile_name\fB\fR
.br
         Gets the text message and copies the data file attached
         to the specified message index of the job to the file
         specified by \fIfile_name\fR. Data files cannot be
         attached to LSF multicluster capability jobs.
.sp 2
         If you do not specify a message index, copies the
         attachment of message index \fR0\fR to the file. The job
         must have an attachment, and you must specify a name for
         the file you are copying the attachment to. If the file
         exists, the -a option overwrites it with the new file.
.sp 2
         By default, the -a option gets the attachment file from
         the directory that is specified by the
         \fBJOB_ATTA_DIR\fR parameter. If the \fBJOB_ATTA_DIR\fR
         parameter is not specified, job message attachments are
         saved in the LSB_SHAREDIR/info/ directory.
.sp 2
\fB-i \fImessage_index\fB\fR
.br
         Specifies the message index to be retrieved.
.sp 2
         The default \fImessage_index\fR is \fR0\fR.
.sp 2
\fB-w\fR
.br
         Wide format. Displays information without truncating
         fields.
.sp 2
\fB\fIjob_ID\fB | "\fIjob_ID[index]\fB" | -J \fIjob_name\fB\fR
.br
         Required. Specify the job to operate on.
.sp 2
         The job name can be up to 4094 characters long. Job
         names are not unique.
.sp 2
         The wildcard character (\fR*\fR) can be used anywhere
         within a job name, but it cannot appear within an array
         index. For example, the pattern \fRjob*\fR returns
         \fRjobA\fR and \fRjobarray[1]\fR. The \fR*AAA*[1]\fR
         pattern returns the first element in job arrays with
         names that contain \fRAAA\fR. However, the pattern
         \fRjob1[*]\fR does not return anything since the
         wildcard is within the array index.
.sp 2
\fB-h\fR
.br
         Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
\fB-V\fR
.br
         Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.SH Example

.sp 2
bpost -i 1 -d "step 1" -a step1.out 2500
.br

.br
bread -i 1 -a step2.in 2500
.br
JOBID      MSG_ID FROM      POST_TIME      DESCRIPTION
.br
2500       1      user1     May 19 13:59   step 1
.sp 2
Displays the message description text \fRstep 1\fR for message
index 1 of job 2500, and copies the data in the file
\fRstep1.out\fR attached to message 1 to the file \fRstep2.in\fR.
.SH See also

.sp 2
bpost, bstatus, bsub, \fBJOB_ATTA_DIR\fR\fBJOB_ATTA_DIR\fR