
.ad l

.TH brequeue 1 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBbrequeue\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Kills and requeues a job.
.sp 2

.SH Synopsis

.sp 2
\fBbrequeue\fR [\fB-a\fR] [\fB-d\fR] [\fB-e\fR] [\fB-H\fR]
[\fB-p\fR] [\fB-r\fR] [\fB-J\fR job_name | \fB-J
"\fRjob_name\fB[\fRindex_list\fB]"\fR] [\fB-u\fR user_name |
\fB-u all\fR] [job_ID | \fB"\fRjob_ID\fB[\fRindex_list\fB]"\fR
 ...]
.sp 2
\fBbrequeue\fR [\fB-h\fR | \fB-V\fR]
.SH Description

.sp 2
You can use the brequeue command only on jobs that you own. root
or the LSF cluster administrator or LSF group administrator can
requeue jobs for any user.
.sp 2
Kills a running (\fRRUN\fR), user-suspended (\fRUSUSP\fR), or
system-suspended (\fRSSUSP\fR) job and returns it to the queue. A
job that is killed and requeued retains its submit time but is
dispatched according to its requeue time. When the job is
requeued, it is assigned the \fRPEND\fR status or \fRPSUSP\fR if
the -H option is used. after the job is dispatched, it starts
over from the beginning. The requeued job keeps the same job ID.
.sp 2
When the \fBJOB_INCLUDE_POSTPROC=Y\fR parameter is set in the
lsb.params file or in an application profile in the
lsb.applications file, job requeue occurs only after
post-execution processing, not when the job finishes. When used
for host-based post-execution processing, configure a longer time
period to allow the operation to run.
.sp 2
Use the brequeue command to requeue job arrays or job array
elements.
.sp 2
By default, the brequeue command kills and requeues your most
recently submitted job when no job ID is specified.
.sp 2
In the LSF multicluster capability lease model, you can use the
brequeue command only on jobs in local queues. A job that is
killed and requeued is assigned a new job ID on the execution
cluster, but it retains the same job ID on the submission
cluster. For example, a job that is submitted from cluster A that
is killed and requeued and then runs on execution cluster B is
assigned a new job ID on cluster B. However, when the bjobs
command runs from submission cluster A, the job is displayed with
the original job ID. When the bjobs command runs from execution
cluster B, the job is displayed with the new job ID.
.sp 2
In the LSF multicluster capability job forwarding model, use the
brequeue -p command to requeue specified remote pending jobs. Use
the brequeue -a command to requeue all non-pending jobs
(including running jobs, suspended jobs, jobs with \fREXIT\fR or
\fRDONE\fR status) in the local cluster. The brequeue -a command
does not requeue pending jobs in the local cluster.
.sp 2
The only difference between the -p and -a options is the job
dispatch order. Running the brequeue -p command on the submission
cluster requeues a remote job to the top of the queue so that the
requeued job is dispatched first no matter which position it is
in the pending job list. The brequeue -a command sends the remote
job to the end of the queue the same way as in the local cluster.
.sp 2
When absolute job priority scheduling (APS) is configured in the
queue, specified requeued jobs are treated as newly submitted
jobs for APS calculation. The job priority, system, and the
\fRADMIN\fR APS factors are reset on requeue.
.sp 2
When you use multi-phase rusage resource requirement strings,
such as with the bsub -R command, the requeued job is treated as
a new job and resources are reserved from the beginning of the
first phase.
.SH Options

.sp 2
\fB-a\fR
.br
         Requeues all local non-pending jobs, including running
         jobs, suspending jobs, jobs with \fREXIT\fR or
         \fRDONE\fR status, and pending remote jobs. It does not
         requeue pending jobs in the local cluster.
.sp 2
\fB-d\fR
.br
         Requeues jobs that finished running with \fRDONE\fR job
         status.
.sp 2
\fB-e\fR
.br
         Requeues jobs that terminated abnormally with \fREXIT\fR
         job status.
.sp 2
\fB-H\fR
.br
         Requeues jobs to \fRPSUSP\fR job status.
.sp 2
\fB-p\fR
.br
         In the LSF multicluster capability job forwarding model,
         requeues specified jobs that are pending in a remote
         cluster for LSF multicluster capability job forwarding
         modes.
.sp 2
\fB-r\fR
.br
         Requeues jobs that are running.
.sp 2
\fB-J \fIjob_name\fB | -J "\fIjob_name[index_list]\fB"\fR
.br
         Operates on the specified job.
.sp 2
         The job name can be up to 4094 characters long. Job
         names are not unique.
.sp 2
         The wildcard character (\fR*\fR) can be used anywhere
         within a job name, but it cannot appear within an array
         index. For example, the pattern \fRjob*\fR returns
         \fRjobA\fR and \fRjobarray[1]\fR. The \fR*AAA*[1]\fR
         pattern returns the first element in job arrays with
         names that contain \fRAAA\fR. However, the pattern
         \fRjob1[*]\fR does not return anything since the
         wildcard is within the array index.
.sp 2
\fB-u \fIuser_name\fB | -u all \fR
.br
         Operates on the specified user’s jobs or all jobs. To
         specify a Windows user account, include the domain name
         in uppercase letters and use a single backslash at a
         Windows command prompt. On a UNIX or Linux command line,
         use a double backslash.
.sp 2
         Only \fRroot\fR and LSF administrators can requeue jobs
         that are submitted by other users.
.sp 2
\fB\fIjob_ID\fB |"\fIjob_ID[index_list]\fB"\fR
.br
         Operates on the specified job or job array elements.
.sp 2
         The value of 0 for \fIjob_ID\fR is ignored.
.sp 2
\fB-h\fR
.br
         Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
\fB-V\fR
.br
         Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.SH Limitations

.sp 2
The brequeue command cannot be used on interactive batch jobs.
The brequeue command kills only interactive batch jobs, it does
not restart them.