
.ad l

.TH bresume 1 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBbresume\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Resumes one or more suspended jobs.
.sp 2

.SH Synopsis

.sp 2
\fBbresume\fR [\fB-app\fR application_profile_name] [\fB-C\fR
resume_reason] [\fB-g\fR job_group_name] [\fB-J\fR job_name]
[\fB-m\fR host_name] [\fB-q\fR queue_name] [\fB-sla\fR
service_class_name] [\fB-u\fR user_name | \fB-u\fR user_group |
\fB-u all\fR] [\fB0\fR]
.sp 2
\fBbresume\fR [job_ID | \fB"\fRjob_ID\fB[\fRindex_list\fB]"\fR]
 ...
.sp 2
\fBbresume\fR [\fB-h\fR | \fB-V\fR]
.SH Description

.sp 2
Sends the \fRSIGCONT\fR signal to resume one or more of your
suspended jobs.
.sp 2
Only root and LSF administrators can operate on jobs that are
submitted by other users. You cannot resume a job that is not
suspended. Using the bresume command on a job that is not in
either the \fRPSUSP\fR or the \fRUSUSP\fR state has no effect.
.sp 2
You must specify a job ID or the -g, -J, -m, -u, or -q option.
Specify 0 (zero) to resume multiple jobs.
.sp 2
You can also use the bkill -s CONT command to send the resume
signal to a job.
.sp 2
If a signal request fails to reach the job execution host, LSF
retries the operation later when the host becomes reachable. LSF
retries the most recent signal request.
.sp 2
Jobs that are suspended by the administrator can be resumed only
by the LSF administrator or root. Users do not have permission to
resume a job that is suspended by another user or the
administrator. Administrators or root can resume jobs that are
suspended by users or administrators.
.SH ENABLE_USER_RESUME parameter in the lsb.params file

.sp 2
If the \fRENABLE_USER_RESUME=Y\fR parameter is set in the
lsb.params file, users can resume their own jobs that are
suspended by the administrator.
.SH Options

.sp 2
\fB0\fR
.br
         Resumes all the jobs that satisfy other options (-g, -m,
         -q, -u, and -J).
.sp 2
\fB-app \fIapplication_profile_name\fB\fR
.br
         Resumes only jobs that are associated with the specified
         application profile. You must specify an existing
         application profile.
.sp 2
\fB-C \fIresume_reason\fB\fR
.br
         Specifies a reason for resuming the job, with a maximum
         length of 4095 characters. This reason is displayed in
         the bhist -l command output.
.sp 2
\fB-g \fIjob_group_name\fB\fR
.br
         Resumes only jobs in the specified job group.
.sp 2
\fB-J \fIjob_name\fB \fR
.br
         Resumes only jobs with the specified name.
.sp 2
         The job name can be up to 4094 characters long. Job
         names are not unique.
.sp 2
         The wildcard character (\fR*\fR) can be used anywhere
         within a job name, but it cannot appear within an array
         index. For example, the pattern \fRjob*\fR returns
         \fRjobA\fR and \fRjobarray[1]\fR. The \fR*AAA*[1]\fR
         pattern returns the first element in job arrays with
         names that contain \fRAAA\fR. However, the pattern
         \fRjob1[*]\fR does not return anything since the
         wildcard is within the array index.
.sp 2
\fB-m \fIhost_name\fB\fR
.br
         Resumes only jobs that are dispatched to the specified
         host.
.sp 2
\fB-q \fIqueue_name\fB \fR
.br
         Resumes only jobs in the specified queue.
.sp 2
\fB-sla \fIservice_class_name\fB\fR
.br
         Resume jobs that belong to the specified service class.
.br
         Use the bsla command to display the properties of
         service classes that are configured in the
         lsb.serviceclasses file and dynamic information about
         the state of each configured service class.
.sp 2
\fB-u \fIuser_name\fB | -u \fIuser_group\fB | -u all \fR
.br
         Resumes only jobs that are owned by the specified user
         or group, or all users if the reserved user name all is
         specified. To specify a Windows user account, include
         the domain name in uppercase letters and use a single
         backslash (\fR\fIDOMAIN_NAME\fR\\fIuser_name\fR\fR) on a
         Windows command prompt or a double backslash
         (\fR\fIDOMAIN_NAME\fR\\\fIuser_name\fR\fR) in a UNIX or
         Linux command line.
.sp 2
\fB\fIjob_ID\fB ... | "\fIjob_ID\fB[\fIindex_list\fB]" ... \fR
.br
         Resumes only the specified jobs. Jobs that are submitted
         by any user can be specified here without using the -u
         option.
.sp 2
\fB-h\fR
.br
         Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
\fB-V\fR
.br
         Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.SH Examples

.sp 2
bresume -q night 0
.br

.sp 2
Resumes all suspended jobs that belong to the user in the
\fRnight\fR queue. If the user is the LSF administrator, resumes
all suspended jobs in the \fRnight\fR queue.
.sp 2
bresume -g /risk_group 0
.br

.sp 2
Resumes all suspended jobs in the job group \fR/risk_group\fR.
.SH See also

.sp 2
bsub, bjobs, bqueues, bhosts, bstop, bkill, bgadd, bgdel,
bjgroup, bparams, bapp, mbatchd, kill, signal, lsb.params,
lsb.applications