
.ad l

.TH bresources 1 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBbresources\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Displays information about resource reservation, resource limits,
and guaranteed resource policies.
.sp 2

.SH Synopsis

.sp 2
\fBbresources\fR \fB-s\fR [resource_name ...]
.sp 2
\fBbresources\fR \fB-g\fR [\fB-l\fR [\fB-q\fR queue_name]
[\fB-m\fR]] [guaranteed_resource_pool_name ...]
.sp 2
\fBbresources\fR [\fB-h\fR | \fB-V\fR]
.sp 2
\fBbresources\fR \fB-p\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
By default, the bresources command displays all resource limit
configurations in the lsb.resources file. The default bresources
command output is the same as the blimits -c command.
.SH Options

.sp 2
\fB-s\fR
.br
         Displays per-resource reservation configurations from
         the \fBReservationUsage\fR section of lsb.resources.
.sp 2
\fB\fIresource_name\fB ...\fR
.br
         Used with -s, displays reservation configurations about
         the specified resource.
.sp 2
\fB-g\fR
.br
         Displays the configuration and status of the guaranteed
         resource pool that is configured in the
         \fBGuaranteedResourcePool\fR section of lsb.resources.
         The following information about each guaranteed resource
         pool is displayed: name, type, status, available
         resources, unused resources, total configured resource
         guarantees, and number of guaranteed resources currently
         unused.
.sp 2
         The -g option also displays the number of resources that
         are loaned for the guaranteed resource pool, and the -q
         option cannot be specified with -g, unless the
         \fBSIMPLIFIED_GUARANTEE\fR parameter in the lsb.params
         file is disabled (that is, set to \fRN\fR or \fRn\fR) or
         is not defined.
.sp 2
\fB-l\fR
.br
         With -g, displays configuration and status information
         of the guaranteed resource pool that is configured in
         the \fBGuaranteedResourcePool\fR section of
         lsb.resources in a long multiline format. The -l option
         displays the following information:
.sp 2
         *  Description
.sp 2
         *  Distribution of guarantees among service classes
.sp 2
         *  Special policies
.sp 2
         *  Configured hosts list
.sp 2
         *  Static resource requirement \fRselect\fR string
.sp 2
         *  Administrator
.sp 2
         *  The following information for each guarantee that is
            made from the resource pool:
.sp 2
            *  Name
.sp 2
            *  Resources guaranteed
.sp 2
            *  Resources in use
.sp 2
\fB-m\fR
.br
         With -g and -l, displays the names of all hosts included
         in each guaranteed resource pool configuration from the
         \fRGuaranteedResourcePool\fR section of the
         lsb.resources file.
.sp 2
\fB-q\fR
.br
         Helps you understand how the guarantee policy works when
         combined with queue-based preemption. Administrators can
         determine the number of guarantee resources available
         through preemption to a preemptive queue. The -q option
         takes effect only for package pools. When the -q option
         is specified with a name of a preemptive queue, the
         values that are displayed are shown about the specified
         queue.
.sp 2
         \fBNote: \fRThe -q option does not work with the -g
         option unless the \fBSIMPLIFIED_GUARANTEE\fR parameter
         in the lsb.params file is disabled (that is, set to
         \fRN\fR or \fRn\fR) or is not defined.
.sp 2
\fB\fIresource_pool\fB ...\fR
.br
         Displays information about the specified resource pool.
.sp 2
\fB-h\fR
.br
         Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
\fB-V\fR
.br
         Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
\fB-p\fR
.br
         Displays the currently defined energy aware scheduling
         policies and exits. Shows the \fRPowerPolicy\fR settings
         as they are in the lsb.resources file. An extra line is
         included with the \fRPowerPolicy\fR settings to indicate
         whether the policy is applied (\fRY\fR) or not
         (\fRN\fR).
.SH Guaranteed resource pool output (-g)

.sp 2
\fBPOOL_NAME\fR
.br
         Configured name of the guaranteed resource pool.
.sp 2
\fBTYPE\fR
.br
         Configured type of guaranteed resource pool. The pool
         can include the following resources:
.sp 2
         *  \fRhosts\fR
.sp 2
         *  \fRslots\fR
.sp 2
         *  \fRpackages\fR, where each unit guaranteed is
            composed of a number of slots, and some amount of
            memory together on the same host.
.sp 2
         *  \fRresources\fR that are managed by LSF License
            Scheduler.
.sp 2
\fBSTATUS\fR
.br
         The following values are displayed:
.sp 2
         *  \fRok\fR
.sp 2
         *  \fRunknown\fR
.sp 2
         *  \fRovercommitted\fR, where total resources in the
            pool are less than the number guaranteed. The
            guarantee commitments cannot all be met concurrently.
.sp 2
         *  \fRclose_loans\fR, where lending is suspended due to
            pending demand.
.sp 2
            This state occurs only when the \fBCLOSE_ON_DEMAND\fR
            [parameter is set in the \fRLOAN_POLICIES\fR section,
            and at least one job with a guarantee in the pool is
            not using all of its configured guarantee.
.sp 2
\fBTOTAL\fR
.br
         Number of resources that are included in the guaranteed
         resource pool.
.sp 2
\fBFREE\fR
.br
         Number of unused resources within the guaranteed
         resource pool.
.sp 2
\fBALLOCATED\fR
.br
         The amount of the resource that is reserved for the
         service classes of the pool. For package pools, this
         field is further divided into allocated memory and
         allocated slots.
.sp 2
         This field is hidden if the \fBSIMPLIFIED_GUARANTEE\fR
         parameter in the lsb.params file is disabled (that is,
         set to \fRN\fR or \fRn\fR) or is not defined.
.sp 2
\fBOWNER USE\fR
.br
         The total amount of the resource that is currently in
         use by the service classes on owned hosts of the pool.
         For package pools, this field is further divided into
         used memory and used slots by the consumers (service
         classes) of the pool.
.sp 2
         This field is hidden if the \fBSIMPLIFIED_GUARANTEE\fR
         parameter in the lsb.params file is disabled (that is,
         set to \fRN\fR or \fRn\fR) or is not defined.
.sp 2
\fBGUARANTEE CONFIGURED\fR
.br
         Configured number of guaranteed resources, if the
         \fBSIMPLIFIED_GUARANTEE\fR parameter in the lsb.params
         file is disabled (that is, set to \fRN\fR or \fRn\fR) or
         is not defined.
.sp 2
\fBGUARANTEE USED\fR
.br
         Number of guarantees that are used, if the
         \fBSIMPLIFIED_GUARANTEE\fR parameter in the lsb.params
         file is disabled (that is, set to \fRN\fR or \fRn\fR) or
         is not defined.
.SH Long output (-gl)

.sp 2
In addition to the fields included in the guaranteed resource
pool output (-g option), the long output includes the following
fields.
.sp 2
\fBGUARANTEED RESOURCE POOL\fR
.br
         Name and description of guaranteed resource pool.
.sp 2
\fBDISTRIBUTION\fR
.br
         Configured distribution of guarantees among service
         classes.
.sp 2
\fBLOAN_POLICIES\fR
.br
         Configured policies.
.sp 2
\fBHOSTS\fR
.br
         Configured hosts list.
.sp 2
\fBOWNER USE\fR
.br
         The total amount of the resource that is used by jobs on
         owned hosts of the pool.
.sp 2
         In the output table that is organized by owner, this is
         the total amount of the resource that is currently in
         use by the service classes on owned hosts of the pool.
.sp 2
         In the output table that is organized by host, this is
         the total amount of the resources that is currently in
         use on the host by owner jobs.
.sp 2
         For package pools, this field is further divided into
         used memory and used slots by the consumers (service
         classes) of the pool.
.sp 2
         This field is hidden if the \fBSIMPLIFIED_GUARANTEE\fR
         parameter in the lsb.params file is disabled (that is,
         set to \fRN\fR or \fRn\fR) or is not defined.
.sp 2
\fBLOAN USE\fR
.br
         The amount of the resources that are used by service
         class jobs that are started through loaning. This field
         is hidden if the \fBSIMPLIFIED_GUARANTEE\fR parameter in
         the lsb.params file is disabled (that is, set to \fRN\fR
         or \fRn\fR) or is not defined.
.sp 2
\fBOTHER USE\fR
.br
         The amount of the resources that are used by other jobs
         that are running on shared hosts and are not owner or
         loaning jobs.
.sp 2
         In the output table that is organized by owner, this
         field is the amount of the resources that are used by
         jobs of the service class on shared hosts in the
         guarantee shared pool (that is, hosts that are marked as
         "\fR-\fR"). This usage does not count towards the
         owner\(aqs guarantee limits.
.sp 2
         In the output table that is organized by host, this
         field is the amount of the resources that are used on
         the host by other jobs that are not owner or loaning
         jobs.
.sp 2
         This field is hidden if the \fBSIMPLIFIED_GUARANTEE\fR
         parameter in the lsb.params file is disabled (that is,
         set to \fRN\fR or \fRn\fR) or is not defined.
.sp 2
\fBCONSUMERS\fR
.br
         Service classes with guarantees in the pool, if the
         \fBSIMPLIFIED_GUARANTEE\fR parameter in the lsb.params
         file is disabled (that is, set to \fRN\fR or \fRn\fR) or
         is not defined.
.sp 2
\fBGUARANTEE CONFIGURED\fR
.br
         Number of resources in the pool that are guaranteed to
         the service class, if the \fBSIMPLIFIED_GUARANTEE\fR
         parameter in the lsb.params file is disabled (that is,
         set to \fRN\fR or \fRn\fR) or is not defined.
.sp 2
\fBGUARANTEE USED\fR
.br
         Number of resources currently in use by the service
         class to meet the guarantee. After the guarantee is met,
         other jobs from the service class that run in the
         resource pool do not count towards the guarantee, and
         are not included. Resource use includes both running and
         suspended jobs, if the \fBSIMPLIFIED_GUARANTEE\fR
         parameter in the lsb.params file is disabled (that is,
         set to \fRN\fR or \fRn\fR) or is not defined.
.sp 2
\fBTOTAL USED\fR
.br
         Total number of resources that are used in the pool by
         the service class. Resource use includes both running
         and suspended jobs, if the \fBSIMPLIFIED_GUARANTEE\fR
         parameter in the lsb.params file is disabled (that is,
         set to \fRN\fR or \fRn\fR) or is not defined.
.sp 2
\fBADMINISTRATORS\fR
.br
         Configured administrators that can manage the
         corresponding guaranteed resource pool, if the
         \fBSIMPLIFIED_GUARANTEE\fR parameter in the lsb.params
         file is disabled (that is, set to \fRN\fR or \fRn\fR) or
         is not defined.
.SH Long output with hosts (-glm)

.sp 2
In addition to fields included in the long output (option -gl),
hosts currently in the resource pool are listed.
.sp 2
\fBHOST\fR
.br
         Name of the host.
.sp 2
\fBRESERVED\fR
.br
         Host reservation status:
.sp 2
         *  \fRY\fR: The host is reserved for owners only.
.sp 2
         *  \fRY*\fR: The host is reserved for owners only and
            loaning is disabled on the host.
.sp 2
         *  \fR-\fR: The host is not reserved and may be used by
            any job.
.sp 2
\fBRESOURCE\fR
.br
         Indicates the resource name (that is, slots or mem), or
         packages.
.sp 2
These fields are hidden if the \fBSIMPLIFIED_GUARANTEE\fR
parameter in the lsb.params file is disabled (that is, set to
\fRN\fR or \fRn\fR) or is not defined.