
.ad l

.TH brestart 1 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBbrestart\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Restarts checkpointed jobs.
.sp 2

.SH Synopsis

.sp 2
\fBbrestart\fR [bsub_options] [\fB-f\fR] checkpoint_dir [job_ID |
\fB"\fRjob_ID\fB[\fRindex\fB]"\fR]
.sp 2
\fBbrestart\fR [\fB-h\fR | \fB-V\fR]
.SH Option List

.sp 2
\fB-B\fR
.sp 2
\fB-f\fR
.sp 2
\fB-N\fR | \fB-Ne\fR
.sp 2
\fB-x\fR
.sp 2
\fB-a "\fResub_application[([argument[,argument...]])]...\fB"\fR
.sp 2
\fB-b \fRbegin_time
.sp 2
\fB-C \fRcore_limit
.sp 2
\fB-c [\fRhour\fB:\fR]minute[\fB/\fRhost_name |
\fB/\fRhost_model]
.sp 2
\fB-D \fRdata_limit
.sp 2
\fB-E "\fRpre_exec_command [argument ...]"
.sp 2
\fB-F \fRfile_limit
.sp 2
\fB-m "\fRhost_name[\fB+\fR[pref_level]] |
host_group[\fB+\fR[pref_level]] ...\fB"\fR
.sp 2
\fB-G \fRuser_group
.sp 2
\fB-M \fRmem_limit
.sp 2
\fB-q "\fRqueue_name ...\fB"\fR
.sp 2
\fB-R "\fRres_req\fB"\fR [\fB-R\fR "res_req" ...]
.sp 2
\fB-S \fRstack_limit
.sp 2
\fB-t \fRterm_time
.sp 2
\fB-w \(aq\fRdependency_expression\fB\(aq\fR [\fB-ti\fR]
.sp 2
\fB-W \fRrun_limit[\fB/\fRhost_name| \fB/\fRhost_model]
.sp 2
\fB\fRcheckpoint_dir [job_ID | \fB"\fRjob_ID\fB[\fRindex\fB]"\fR]
.SH Description

.sp 2
Restarts a checkpointed job by using the checkpoint files that
are saved in the directory \fIcheckpoint_dir/last_job_ID/\fR.
Only jobs that are successfully checkpointed can be restarted.
.sp 2
Jobs are resubmitted and assigned a new job ID. The checkpoint
directory is renamed by using the new job ID,
\fIcheckpoint_dir/new_job_ID/\fR.
.sp 2
The file path of the checkpoint directory can contain up to 4094
characters for UNIX and Linux, or up to 255 characters for
Windows, including the directory and file name.
.sp 2
By default, jobs are restarted with the same output file and file
transfer specifications, job name, window signal value,
checkpoint directory and period, and rerun options as the
original job.
.sp 2
A job can be restarted on another host under the following
conditions for both hosts:
.sp 2
*  Must be binary compatible
.sp 2
*  Must run the same OS version
.sp 2
*  Have access to the executable files
.sp 2
*  Have access to all open files (LSF must locate them with an
   absolute path name)
.sp 2
*  Have access to the checkpoint directory
.sp 2
The environment variable \fBLSB_RESTART\fR is set to \fRY\fR when
a job is restarted.
.sp 2
LSF invokes the erestart executable file in the LSF_SERVERDIR
directory to restart the job.
.sp 2
Only the bsub options that are listed here can be used with the
brestart command.
.sp 2
Like the bsub command, the brestart command calls the parent esub
file (the mesub file), which calls the executable file named esub
(without \fI.application\fR) if it exists in the LSF_SERVERDIR
directory. The mesub file also calls any mandatory esub
executable files that are configured by an LSF administrator.
Only esub executable files that are called by the bsub command
can change the job environment on the submission host. An esub
file that is called by the brestart command cannot change the job
environment. Arguments for the esub executable files can also be
modified.
.sp 2
You can use the brestart -R command to specify new resource
requirements when you restart a checkpointable job. The new
resource requirements must be \fRmem\fR or \fRswap\fR. You can
use the brestart to specify multiple -R options for multiple
resource requirement strings, specify compound resource
requirements, and specify alternative resource requirements.
.SH Options

.sp 2
The following option applies only to the brestart command.
.sp 2
\fB-f\fR
.br
         Forces the job to be restarted even if non-restartable
         conditions exist (these conditions are operating system
         specific).
.SH See also

.sp 2
bsub, bjobs, bmod, bqueues, bhosts, bchkpnt, lsbqueues, echkpnt,
erestart, mbatchd