
.ad l

.TH brlainfo 1 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBbrlainfo\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Displays host topology information.
.sp 2

.SH Synopsis

.sp 2
\fBbrlainfo\fR [\fB-l\fR] [host_name ...]
.sp 2
\fBbrlainfo\fR [\fB-h\fR | \fB-V\fR]
.SH Description

.sp 2
The brlainfo command contacts the LSF topology adapter (RLA) on
the specified host and presents topology information to the user.
By default, displays information about all hosts that run the
RLA.
.SH Options

.sp 2
\fB-l\fR
.br
         Long format. Displays more host topology information.
.sp 2
\fB\fIhost_name\fB ...\fR
.br
         Displays information only about the specified host.
.sp 2
\fB-h\fR
.br
         Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
\fB-V\fR
.br
         Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.SH Default output

.sp 2
Displays the following fields:
.sp 2
\fBHOSTNAME\fR
.br
         Name of the host that runs the RLA.
.sp 2
\fBCPUSET_OS \fR
.br
         RLA host operating system.
.sp 2
\fBNCPUS \fR
.br
         Total number of CPUs.
.sp 2
\fBFREECPUS\fR
.br
         Number of free CPUS.
.sp 2
\fBNNODES\fR
.br
         Number of nodes allocated.
.sp 2
\fBNCPU/NODE \fR
.br
         Number of CPUs per node.
.sp 2
\fBNSTATIC_CPUSETS\fR
.br
         Number of static cpusets allocated.
.SH Long output (-l)

.sp 2
The \fR-l\fR option displays a long format listing with the
following extra fields:
.sp 2
\fBFREE CPU LIST\fR
.br
         List of free CPUs in the Usenet.
.sp 2
         0-2
.br

.sp 2
\fBNFREECPUS ON EACH NODE\fR
.br
         Number of free CPUs on each node.
.sp 2
         2/0,1/1
.br

.sp 2
\fBSTATIC CPUSETS\fR
.br
         List of static cpuset names.
.sp 2
         NO STATIC CPUSETS
.br

.sp 2
\fBCPU_RADIUS\fR
.br
         2,3,3,3,3,3,3,3
.br

.sp 2
         *  2 CPUs are available within radius 0
.sp 2
         *  3 CPUs are available within radius 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6,
            and 7.
.sp 2
         CPUs grouped within a smaller radius can be thought of
         as being closer together and have better communications
         performance.
.SH Examples

.sp 2
brlainfo hostA hostB hostC
.br
HOSTNAME          CPUSET_OS  NCPUS  NFREECPUS NNODES  NCPU/NODE NSTATIC_CPUSETS
.br
hostA             LINUX_4     2      2         1       2         0
.br
hostB             LINUX_4     4      4         2       2         0
.br
hostC             LINUX_4     4      3         2       2         0
.br

.br
brlainfo -l
.br
HOST: hostC
.br
CPUSET_OS   NCPUS  NFREECPUS NNODES  NCPU/NODE NSTATIC_CPUSETS
.br
LINUX_4       4      3         2       2         0
.br
FREE CPU LIST: 0-2
.br
NFREECPUS ON EACH NODE: 2/0,1/1
.br
STATIC CPUSETS: NO STATIC CPUSETS
.br
CPU_RADIUS: 2,3,3,3,3,3,3,3
.br
