
.ad l

.TH brsvsub 1 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBbrsvsub\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Creates a dynamically scheduled reservation and submits a job to
fill the advance reservation when the resources required by the
job are available.
.sp 2

.SH Synopsis

.sp 2
\fBbrsvsub\fR [\fB-I\fR] [\fB-D\fR duration] [\fB-o\fR] [\fB-q\fR
queue_name] [\fB-unit slot\fR] \fB-n\fR job_slots | \fB-unit
host\fR \fB-n\fR number_hosts
.sp 2
\fB-u\fR \fB"\fRuser_name ...\fB"\fR | \fB-u \fR"user_group
 ...\fB"\fR}
.sp 2
[\fB-m \fR \fB"\fRhost_name ... \fB"\fR | \fB"\fR host_group
 ...\fB"\fR] [\fB-R\fR \fB"\fRres_req\fB"\fR] |
.sp 2
[\fB-N\fR reservation_name]
.sp 2
\fBbrsvsub\fR \fB-h\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
Specify the requirements of the reservation: user name,
reservation duration, type of reservation, queue, and hosts
required for the reservation.
.SH Options

.sp 2
\fB-D \fIduration\fB\fR
.br
         Sets a duration for the reservation in minutes.
.sp 2
\fB-I\fR
.br
         Specifies an interactive job.
.sp 2
\fB-o\fR
.br
         Creates an open advance reservation. A job with an open
         advance reservation has the advance reservation property
         only during the reservation window. After the
         reservation window closes, the job becomes a normal job,
         not subject to termination.
.sp 2
         An open reservation prevents jobs from being killed if
         the reservation window is too small. Instead, the job is
         suspended and normal scheduling policies apply after the
         reservation window.
.sp 2
\fB-m "\fIhost_name ...\fB | \fIhost_group\fB ..."\fR
.br
         Lists the hosts and groups of hosts that are used for
         the reservation request. At job submission, LSF
         considers the hosts in the specified order.
.sp 2
         The hosts can be either local to the cluster or leased
         from remote clusters.
.sp 2
         The number of slots that are specified by the \fR-n
         \fIjob_slots\fR\fR option or the number of hosts that
         are specified by the \fR-n \fInumber_hosts\fR\fR option
         must be less than or equal to the actual number of hosts
         that are specified by the -m option.
.sp 2
         \fBNote: \fRWhen you use the -m option to specify
         multiple hosts for the reservation, some hosts might not
         be selected (for example, because the hosts are
         exclusive and in \fRclosed\fR status).
.sp 2
\fB-N \fIreservation_name\fB\fR
.br
         Specifies a user-defined reservation name unique in an
         LSF cluster. The name is a string of letters, numeric
         characters, underscores, and dashes. The name must begin
         with a letter. The maximum length of the name is 40
         characters.
.sp 2
         If no user-defined reservation name is specified, LSF
         creates the reservation with a system assigned name in
         the following form:
.sp 2
         user_name#sequence
.br

.sp 2
         If a job already references a reservation with the
         specified name, an error message is returned: \fRThe
         specified reservation name is referenced by a job\fR.
.sp 2
\fB-n \fIjob_slots\fB or \fInumber_hosts\fB\fR
.br
         The number of either job slots or hosts (specified by
         the -unit option) to reserve. For a slot-based
         reservation (\fR-unit slot\fR), the -n option specifies
         the total number of job slots to reserve. For host-based
         reservation (\fR-unit host\fR), the -n option specifies
         the total number of hosts to reserve.
.sp 2
         The \fIjob_slots\fR or \fInumber_hosts\fR value must be
         less than or equal to the actual number of slots or
         hosts that are selected by the -m or -R option.
.sp 2
\fB-q \fIqueue_name\fB\fR
.br
         Specifies the queue for the submitted job that uses the
         dynamically scheduled reservation.
.sp 2
\fB-R "\fIres_req\fB"\fR
.br
         Selects hosts for the reservation according to the
         specified resource requirements. Only hosts that satisfy
         the resource requirement expression are reserved. The -R
         option accepts any valid resource requirement string,
         but only the \fRselect\fR string takes effect.
.sp 2
         If you also specify a host list with the -m option, the
         -R is not required.
.sp 2
         For more information about specifying resource
         requirement strings, see Administering IBM Spectrum LSF.
.sp 2
\fB-u "\fIuser_name\fB ..." | \fI"user_group\fB ..."\fR
.br
         A list of users and user groups that have permission to
         use the dynamically scheduled reservation.
.sp 2
         The \fR-u "\fIuser_name\fR ... | \fIuser_group\fR
         ..."\fR option does not support the \fR@cluster\fR
         notation for advance reservations on remote clusters.
.sp 2
\fB-unit [slot|host]\fR
.br
         Specifies whether the reservation is for a number of
         slots or hosts. By default, if the -unit option is not
         specified, the reservation request uses the slot unit by
         default.
.sp 2
         Regardless of whether you use the slot or host unit, the
         following options are required when used with the
         brsvsub command:
.sp 2
         *  The number of slots or hosts to reserve, with the -n
            option.
.sp 2
         *  Users or user groups that have permission to use the
            advance reservation, with the -u option.
.sp 2
\fB-h\fR
.br
         Prints command usage and exits.
.SH See also

.sp 2
brsvadd, brsvs, brsvmod, brsvdel, lsb.resources