
.ad l

.TH brsvs 1 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBbrsvs\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Displays advance reservations.
.sp 2

.SH Synopsis

.sp 2
\fBbrsvs\fR [\fB-l\fR | \fB-w\fR] [\fB-p all\fR | \fB-p
"\fRhost_name ...\fB"\fR]
.sp 2
\fBbrsvs\fR [\fB-l\fR | \fB-w\fR] [\fB-z all\fR | \fB-z
"\fRhost_name ...\fB"\fR]
.sp 2
\fBbrsvs\fR [\fB-l\fR | \fB-w\fR] reservation_name
.sp 2
\fBbrsvs\fR [\fB-c all\fR | \fB-c\fR \fB"\fRpolicy_name\fB"\fR]
.sp 2
\fBbrsvs\fR [\fB-h\fR | \fB-V\fR]
.SH Description

.sp 2
By default, displays the current advance reservations for all
hosts, users, and groups.
.sp 2
You can also see advance reservations across clusters:
.sp 2
*  The default all option includes both local and remote
   reservations.
.sp 2
*  \fIhost_name\fR does not take the
   \fR\fIhost_name\fR@\fIcluster_name\fR\fR argument.
.sp 2
By default, the brsvs command truncates the reservation ID
(\fRRSVID\fR) at 11 characters. Use the -w option to see the full
reservation ID.
.SH Options

.sp 2
\fB-l\fR
.br
         Displays advance reservations in a long multiline
         format. In addition to the standard output, the -l
         option displays queues that can use the advance
         reservation hosts before the advance reservation starts,
         the pre-script, pre-script time, post-script,
         post-script time, the reservation type (\fRopen\fR or
         \fRclosed\fR), whether non-advance reservation jobs are
         allowed to continue running after the first advance
         reservation starts, and the job IDs of any jobs that are
         associated with the specified advance reservation.
         Reservations are sorted by status.
.sp 2
         The \fRNCPUS\fR field displays real-time advance
         reservation usage, in the format: used slots/total
         slots.
.sp 2
\fB-w\fR
.br
         Wide format. Displays reservation information without
         truncating fields.
.sp 2
\fB-c all | -c "\fIpolicy_name\fB ..."\fR
.br
         Shows advance reservation policies that are defined in
         the lsb.resources file. By default, displays all policy
         names.
.sp 2
         The all keyword shows detailed information for all
         policies.
.sp 2
\fB-p all | -p "\fIhost_name\fB ..."\fR
.br
         Shows a weekly planner for specified hosts that use
         advance reservations.
.sp 2
         The all keyword shows a weekly planner for all hosts
         with reservations.
.sp 2
\fB-z all | -z "\fIhost_name\fB"\fR
.br
         Shows a planner with only the weekly items that have
         reservation configurations. Empty lines are omitted.
.sp 2
         The all keyword shows a weekly planner for all hosts
         with reservations.
.sp 2
\fB-h\fR
.br
         Prints command usage and exits.
.sp 2
\fB-V\fR
.br
         Prints LSF release version and exits.
.SH Output

.sp 2
\fBRSVID\fR
.br
         The advance reservation ID.
.sp 2
\fBTIME_WINDOW\fR
.br
         Time window for a recurring reservation.
.sp 2
         Values are separated by a hyphen (\fR-\fR), with no
         space in between:
.sp 2
         time_window = begin_time-end_time
.br

.sp 2
         Times are specified in the following format:
.sp 2
         [day:]hour[:minute]
.br

.sp 2
         All fields are numbers with the following ranges:
.sp 2
         \fB\fIday of the week\fB\fR
.br
                  0-6 (0 is Sunday).
.sp 2
         \fB\fIhour\fB\fR
.br
                  0-23.
.sp 2
         \fB\fIminute\fB\fR
.br
                  0-59.
.sp 2
         A time window can be specified in any of the following
         ways:
.sp 2
         *  \fR\fIhour\fR-\fIhour\fR\fR
.sp 2
         *  \fR\fIhour\fR:\fIminute\fR-\fIhour\fR:\fIminute\fR\fR
.sp 2
         *  \fR\fIday\fR:\fIhour\fR:\fIminute\fR-\fIday\fR:\fIhour\fR:\fIminute\fR\fR
.sp 2
         The default value for minute is 0 (on the hour). The
         default value for day is every day of the week.
.sp 2
\fBUSER\fR
.br
         The list of users and user groups that are specified for
         the advance reservation.
.SH See also

.sp 2
brsvadd, brsvmod, brsvdel, lsb.resources