
.ad l

.TH bsla 1 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBbsla\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Displays information about service classes. Service classes are
used in guaranteed resource policies and service-level agreement
(SLA) scheduling.
.sp 2

.SH Synopsis

.sp 2
\fBbsla\fR [service_class_name]
.sp 2
\fBbsla\fR [\fB-h\fR] [\fB-V\fR] [\fB-N\fR]
.SH Description

.sp 2
The bsla command displays the properties of service classes that
are configured in the lsb.serviceclasses file and dynamic
information about the state of each configured service class.
.sp 2
If a default system service class is configured with the
\fBENABLE_DEFAULT_EGO_SLA\fR parameter in the lsb.params file but
no other service classes are explicitly configured in the
lsb.serviceclasses file, the bsla displays only information for
the default SLA.
.SH Options

.sp 2
\fB\fIservice_class_name\fB\fR
.br
         The name of a service class that is configured in the
         lsb.serviceclasses file.
.sp 2
\fB-h\fR
.br
         Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
\fB-V\fR
.br
         Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
\fB-N\fR
.br
         Displays information about service class job counts by
         job slots instead of number of jobs. \fRNSLOTS\fR, and
         jobs in \fRPEND\fR, \fRRUN\fR, \fRSSUSP\fR, or
         \fRUSUSP\fR state are all counted in slots rather than
         number of jobs.
.SH Time-based SLA service class output

.sp 2
Time-based SLAs typically have throughput, velocity, or deadline
goals. A list of service classes is displayed with the following
fields:
.sp 2
\fBSERVICE CLASS NAME\fR
.br
         The name of the service class, followed by its
         description, if any.
.sp 2
\fBPRIORITY\fR
.br
         The service class priority. A higher value indicates a
         higher priority, relative to other service classes.
         Similar to queue priority, service classes access the
         cluster resources in priority order.
.sp 2
\fBUSER GROUP\fR
.br
         User names or user groups who can submit jobs to the
         service class.
.sp 2
\fBGOAL\fR
.br
         The type of service class goal and its configured value.
         The following values are displayed:
.sp 2
         *  \fRTHROUGHPUT\fR
.sp 2
         *  \fRVELOCITY\fR
.sp 2
         *  \fRDEADLINE\fR
.sp 2
\fBACTIVE WINDOW\fR
.br
         The configured time window when the service class goal
         is active. If no time window is configured for a
         throughput or velocity goal, the \fRACTIVE WINDOW\fR is
         \fRAlways Open\fR.
.sp 2
\fBSTATUS\fR
.br
         Status of the service class goal.
.sp 2
         *  \fRActive:On time\fR means that the goal is active
            and meeting its target.
.sp 2
         *  \fRActive:Delayed\fR means that the goal is active
            but is missing its target.
.sp 2
         *  \fRInactive\fR means that the goal is not active, and
            that its time window is closed. Jobs are scheduled as
            if no service class is defined. LSF does not enforce
            any service-level goal for an inactive SLA.
.sp 2
\fBTHROUGHPUT\fR
.br
         For throughput goals, the configured job throughput
         (finished jobs per hour) for the service class.
.sp 2
\fBSLA THROUGHPUT\fR
.br
         The current throughput for the SLA finished jobs per
         clean period.
.sp 2
\fBESTIMATED FINISH TIME\fR
.br
         For goals with a time window, estimated finish time of
         the SLA. If the service class status is on time, the
         finish time is before the configured deadline. If the
         service class status is delayed, the service class is
         missing its goal and the bsla command shows a finish
         time later than the deadline.
.sp 2
\fBOPTIMUM NUMBER OF RUNNING JOBS\fR
.br
         For goals with a time window, the optimum number of jobs
         that must be running in the service class for the SLA to
         meet its goal.
.sp 2
\fBNJOBS\fR
.br
         The current number of jobs in the specified service
         class. A parallel job is counted as one job, regardless
         of the number of job slots it uses.
.sp 2
\fBPEND\fR
.br
         The number of pending jobs in the specified service
         class.
.sp 2
\fBRUN\fR
.br
         The number of running jobs in the specified service
         class.
.sp 2
\fBSSUSP\fR
.br
         The number of system-suspended jobs in the service
         class.
.sp 2
\fBUSUSP\fR
.br
         The number of user-suspended jobs in the specified
         service class.
.sp 2
\fBFINISH\fR
.br
         The number of jobs in the specified service class in
         \fREXIT\fR or \fRDONE\fR state.
.SH Resource-based SLA service class output

.sp 2
Resource-based SLAs have guarantee goals. A list of service
classes is displayed with the following fields:
.sp 2
\fBSERVICE CLASS NAME\fR
.br
         The name of the service class, followed by its
         description, if any.
.sp 2
\fBGOAL\fR
.br
         The type of service class goal and its configured value
         (\fRGUARANTEE\fR).
.sp 2
\fBAUTO_ATTACH\fR
.br
         Automatic attachment configuration (\fRY\fR or \fRN\fR).
.sp 2
\fBACCESS_CONTROL\fR
.br
         Configured access restrictions for the guarantee SLA, if
         any.
.sp 2
\fBPOOL NAME\fR
.br
         Name of the guaranteed resource pool.
.sp 2
\fBTYPE\fR
.br
         Guaranteed resource type.
.sp 2
\fBGUAR CONFIG\fR
.br
         Number of resources in the pool that is guaranteed to
         the SLA.
.sp 2
\fBGUAR USED\fR
.br
         Number of resources within the guarantee in use by the
         SLA. Resource use includes both running and suspended
         jobs.
.sp 2
\fBTOTAL USED\fR
.br
         Number of resources in the pool currently in use by the
         SLA. This total can exceed the number of guaranteed
         resources for the SLA if other guaranteed SLAs that use
         the same resource pool are not running at capacity.
         Resource use includes both running and suspended jobs.
.sp 2
\fBUSED GUARANTEE HOSTS\fR
.br
         Information on the hosts that are allocated from each
         guarantee pool for the SLA, organized by guarantee pool.
         This section only displays if there are jobs running in
         the SLA.
.SH EGO-enabled SLA service class output-enabled SLA service class output

.sp 2
In addition to the general output, EGO-enabled SLA service
classes display the following fields:
.sp 2
\fBCONSUMER\fR
.br
         The name of the EGO consumer from which hosts are
         allocated to the SLA.
.sp 2
\fBEGO_RES_REQ\fR
.br
         The EGO resource requirement that is defined in the SLA.
.sp 2
\fBMAX_HOST_IDLE_TIME\fR
.br
         How long the SLA holds its idle hosts before LSF
         releases them to EGO.
.sp 2
\fBNUM_RECALLED_HOSTS\fR
.br
         The number of hosts that are allocated to the SLA that
         EGO reclaimed.
.sp 2
\fBRECALLED_HOSTS_TIMEOUT\fR
.br
         The amount of time EGO gives to LSF to clean up its
         workload before EGO reclaims the host.
.SH See also

.sp 2
bresources, bhist, bjobs, bkill, bmod, bsub, lsb.acct,
lsb.serviceclasses, lsb.resources