
.ad l

.TH bslots 1 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBbslots\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Displays slots available and backfill windows available for
backfill jobs.
.sp 2

.SH Synopsis

.sp 2
\fBbslots\fR [\fB-l\fR] [\fB-n\fR slots] [\fB-R
"\fRres_req\fB"\fR] [\fB-W\fR [hour\fB:\fR]minutes]
.sp 2
\fBbslots\fR [\fB-h \fR| \fB-V\fR]
.SH Description

.sp 2
The available slots that are displayed by the bslots command are
not used for running jobs and can be used for backfill jobs. The
bslots command displays a snapshot of the slots not in use by
parallel jobs or advance reservations. They might not be
available at job submission.
.sp 2
By default, displays all available slots, and the available run
times (backfill windows) for those slots. When no slots are
available for backfill, the bslots command displays the following
message:
.sp 2
No backfill window exists at this time
.br

.sp 2
The bslots command calculates the backfill window based on the
estimated start time of potential backfill jobs. Estimated start
time is only relatively accurate according to current running job
information. If running jobs finish earlier or later, estimated
start time might be moved to earlier or later time. You might see
a small delay of a few minutes between the job finish time on
which the estimate was based and the actual start time of the
allocated job.
.sp 2
If the available backfill window has no runtime limit, its length
is displayed as \fRUNLIMITED\fR.
.sp 2
LSF does not calculate predicted start times for pending reserve
jobs if no backfill queue is configured in the system. In that
case, the resource reservation for pending jobs works as normal,
but no predicted start time is calculated, and the bslots command
does not show the backfill window.
.SH Options

.sp 2
\fB-l \fR
.br
         Displays backfill windows in a long multi-line format.
         The -l option displays host names and the number of
         slots on each host available for backfill.
.sp 2
\fB-n \fIslots\fB \fR
.br
         Specifies required slots (processors). Backfill windows
         whose widths are equal or larger than specified value
         are returned.
.sp 2
         When no slots are available for backfill, the bslots -n
         command displays the following message:
.sp 2
         No backfill window meets these requirements at this time
.br

.sp 2
\fB-R "\fIres_req\fB" \fR
.br
         Selects hosts for calculating the backfill windows
         according to the specified resource requirement. By
         default, selects hosts of any type. The -R option
         supports only the \fRselect\fR resource requirement
         string. Other resource requirement sections are not
         supported.
.sp 2
         The selection string must conform to the strict resource
         requirement string syntax described in Administering IBM
         Spectrum LSF. The strict resource requirement syntax
         applies to only the \fRselect\fR section.
.sp 2
         When no slots are available for backfill, the bslots -R
         command displays the following message:
.sp 2
         No backfill window meets these requirements at this time
.br

.sp 2
\fB-W [\fIhour\fB:]\fIminutes\fB\fR
.br
         Specifies expected runtime limit. Backfill windows whose
         lengths are equal or larger than specified value are
         returned.
.sp 2
         When no slots are available for backfill, the bslots -W
         command displays the following message:
.sp 2
         No backfill window meets these requirements at this time
.sp 2
\fB-h\fR
.br
         Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
\fB-V \fR
.br
         Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.