
.ad l

.TH bstatus 1 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBbstatus\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Gets current external job status or sets new job status.
.sp 2

.SH Synopsis

.sp 2
\fBbstatus\fR [\fB-d "\fRdescription\fB"\fR] job_ID |
\fB"\fRjob_ID\fB[\fRindex\fB]"\fR | \fB-J\fR job_name
.sp 2
\fBbstatus\fR [\fB-h\fR | \fB-V\fR]
.SH Description

.sp 2
Gets and displays the message description text of a job, or
changes the contents of the message description text with the -d
option. Always operates on the message with index 0.
.sp 2
You can set the external status of a job until it completes. You
cannot change the status of done or exited jobs. You can display
the status of a job until it is cleaned from the system.
.sp 2
If you specify a job ID, the bstatus command has the following
behavior:
.sp 2
*  You can get the external job status of jobs submitted by other
   users, but you cannot set job status of jobs that are
   submitted by other users.
.sp 2
*  You can set external status only on your own jobs.
.sp 2
*  Only root and LSF administrators can set external job status
   on jobs that are submitted by other users.
.sp 2
Job names are not unique; if you specify -J \fIjob_name\fR the
bstatus command has the following behavior:
.sp 2
*  You can get or set the external status only on your own jobs.
.sp 2
*  You cannot get or set external job status on jobs that are
   submitted by other users.
.sp 2
*  Root and the LSF administrators can get or set the external
   status only on their own jobs.
.SH Options

.sp 2
\fB-d "\fIdescription\fB"\fR
.br
         Updates the job status with specified message
         description text.
.sp 2
\fB\fIjob_ID\fB | "\fIjob_ID\fB[\fIindex\fB]" | -J
\fIjob_name\fB\fR
.br
         Required. Operates on the specified job.
.sp 2
         The job name can be up to 4094 characters long. Job
         names are not unique.
.sp 2
         The wildcard character (\fR*\fR) can be used anywhere
         within a job name, but it cannot appear within an array
         index. For example, the pattern \fRjob*\fR returns
         \fRjobA\fR and \fRjobarray[1]\fR. The \fR*AAA*[1]\fR
         pattern returns the first element in job arrays with
         names that contain \fRAAA\fR. However, the pattern
         \fRjob1[*]\fR does not return anything since the
         wildcard is within the array index.
.sp 2
\fB-h\fR
.br
         Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
\fB-V\fR
.br
         Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.SH Examples

.sp 2
bstatus 2500
.br
JOBID    FROM    UPDATE_TIME   STATUS
.br
2500     user1   Sep 14 16:54  step 1
.br

.sp 2
Displays the message description text of message index 0 of job
2500.
.sp 2
bstatus -d "step 2" 2500
.br

.sp 2
Changes the message description text of message index 0 of job
2500 to \fRstep 2\fR.
.SH See also

.sp 2
bpost, bread