
.ad l

.TH bstop 1 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBbstop\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Suspends unfinished jobs.
.sp 2

.SH Synopsis

.sp 2
\fBbstop\fR [\fB-a\fR] [\fB-app\fR application_profile_name]
[\fB-C\fR suspend_reason] [\fB-g\fR job_group_name] [\fB-J\fR
job_name] [\fB-m\fR host_name |\fB -m\fR host_group] [\fB-q\fR
queue_name] [\fB-sla\fR service_class_name] [\fB-u\fR user_name |
\fB-u\fR user_group | \fB-u all\fR] [\fB0\fR] [job_ID ... |
\fB"\fRjob_ID\fB[\fRindex\fB]"\fR] ...
.sp 2
\fBbstop\fR [\fB-h\fR | \fB-V\fR]
.SH Description

.sp 2
By default, the bstop command sends the \fRSIGSTOP\fR signal to
sequential jobs and the \fRSIGTSTP\fR signal to parallel jobs to
suspend them.
.sp 2
You must specify a job ID or the -g, -J, -m, -u, or -q option.
You cannot suspend a job that is already suspended. Specify job
ID 0 (zero) to stop multiple jobs.
.sp 2
Only root and LSF administrators can operate on jobs submitted by
other users.
.sp 2
Use the bresume command to resume suspended jobs.
.sp 2
An administrator can use the bstop command on a job stopped by
the user (in the state \fRUSUSP\fR) to prevent the user from
resuming the job.
.sp 2
You can also use the bkill -s STOP command to send the suspend
signal to a job or use the bkill -s TSTP command to suspend one
or more parallel jobs. Use the bkill -s CONT command to send a
resume signal to a job.
.sp 2
If a signal request fails to reach the job execution host, LSF
retries the operation later when the host becomes reachable. LSF
retries the most recent signal request.
.SH Options

.sp 2
\fB0\fR
.br
         Suspends all the jobs that satisfy other options (-g,
         -m, -q, -u, and -J).
.sp 2
\fB-a \fR
.br
         Suspends all jobs.
.sp 2
\fB-app \fIapplication_profile_name\fB\fR
.br
         Suspends only jobs associated with the specified
         application profile. You must specify an existing
         application profile.
.sp 2
\fB-C \fIsuspend_reason\fB\fR
.br
         Specifies a reason for suspending the job, with a
         maximum length of 4095 characters. This reason is
         displayed in the bhist -l command output.
.sp 2
\fB-g \fIjob_group_name\fB\fR
.br
         Suspends only jobs in the specified job group.
.sp 2
\fB-J \fIjob_name\fB \fR
.br
         Suspends only jobs with the specified name.
.sp 2
         The job name can be up to 4094 characters long. Job
         names are not unique.
.sp 2
         The wildcard character (\fR*\fR) can be used anywhere
         within a job name, but it cannot appear within an array
         index. For example, the pattern \fRjob*\fR returns
         \fRjobA\fR and \fRjobarray[1]\fR. The \fR*AAA*[1]\fR
         pattern returns the first element in job arrays with
         names that contain \fRAAA\fR. However, the pattern
         \fRjob1[*]\fR does not return anything since the
         wildcard is within the array index.
.sp 2
\fB-m \fIhost_name\fB | -m \fIhost_group\fB\fR
.br
         Suspends only jobs dispatched to the specified host or
         host group.
.sp 2
\fB-q \fIqueue_name\fB\fR
.br
         Suspends only jobs in the specified queue.
.sp 2
\fB-sla \fIservice_class_name\fB\fR
.br
         Suspends jobs belonging to the specified service class.
.sp 2
         Use the bsla command to display the properties of
         service classes configured in the lsb.serviceclasses
         file and dynamic information about the state of each
         configured service class.
.sp 2
\fB-u \fIuser_name\fB | -u \fIuser_group\fB | -u all\fR
.br
         Suspends only jobs owned by the specified user or user
         group, or all users if the keyword all is specified. To
         specify a Windows user account, include the domain name
         in uppercase letters and use a single backslash
         (\fR\fIDOMAIN_NAME\fR\\fIuser_name\fR\fR) on a Windows
         command prompt or a double backslash
         (\fR\fIDOMAIN_NAME\fR\\\fIuser_name\fR\fR) on a UNIX or
         Linux command line.
.sp 2
\fB\fIjob_ID\fB ... | "\fIjob_ID\fB[\fIindex\fB]" ... \fR
.br
         Suspends only the specified jobs. Jobs submitted by any
         user can be specified here without using the -u option.
.sp 2
\fB-h \fR
.br
         Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
\fB-V \fR
.br
         Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.SH Examples

.sp 2
bstop 314
.br

.sp 2
Suspends job number 314.
.sp 2
bstop -m hostA
.br

.sp 2
Suspends the user\(aqs last job that was dispatched to host
\fRhostA\fR.
.sp 2
bstop -u jsmith 0
.br

.sp 2
Suspends all the jobs submitted by user \fRjsmith\fR.
.sp 2
bstop -u all 
.br

.sp 2
Suspends the last submitted job in the LSF system.
.sp 2
bstop -u all 0 
.br

.sp 2
Suspends all jobs for all users in the LSF system.
.sp 2
bstop -g /risk_group/consolidate 0
.br

.sp 2
Suspends all jobs in the job group \fR/risk_group/consolidate\fR.
.sp 2
bstop -app fluent 0
.br

.sp 2
Suspends all jobs associated with the application profile
\fRfluent\fR.
.SH See also

.sp 2
bapp, bgadd, bgdel, bhosts, bjgroup, bjobs, bkill, bparams,
bqueues, bresume, bsub, mbatchd, kill, signal, lsb.params