
.ad l

.TH bsubmit 1 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBbsubmit\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Submits jobs as another user.
.sp 2

.SH Synopsis

.sp 2
\fBbsubmit \fR \fB--user\fR user_name command [arguments]
.sp 2
\fBbsubmit\fR [\fB-h\fR | \fB-V\fR]
.SH Description

.sp 2
The bsubmit command is a wrapper for the bsub command that allows
you, as the job submission user, to submit jobs as another job
execution user. The bsubmit wrapper has the setuid bit enabled
and is owned by root. This is useful if you want the job
submission user to be a particular user, but to map the job
execution user to other users.
.sp 2
To use this command, you must download and deploy the bsubmit
executable file, which is a wrapper for the bsub command. For
more details, refer to the following link:
https://github.com/IBMSpectrumComputing/lsf-utils/tree/master/bsubmit
.sp 2
To define the execution users to which you can map submission
users, create a configuration file named lsf.usermapping in the
\fB$LSF_ENVDIR\fR directory to define the user mapping policy for
the bsubmit command. The lsf.usermapping file allows you to map
several job execution users and user groups to a single
submission user or user group. This file must be owned by the LSF
administrator, with file permissions set to read/write for the
owner and read-only for all other users. For each row, specify
the submission user or group to the left and a comma-separated
list of execution users or groups on the right.
.sp 2
For example,
.sp 2
#Submission user or group    # Execution users or groups
.br
userA                        userB,userC,userD
.br
groupA                       groupB
.sp 2
This lsf.usermapping configuration file means that the
\fRuserA\fR user can submit jobs as \fRuserB\fR, \fRuserC\fR, or
\fRuserD\fR. Users in the \fRgroupA\fR group can submit jobs as
any user in the \fRgroupB\fR user group.
.sp 2
For example, run the following command if the job submission user
\fRuserA\fR is submitting a job as job execution user
\fRuserC\fR:
.sp 2
bsubmit --user userC myjob
.SH Options

.sp 2
\fB--user \fIuser_name\fB\fR
.br
         Required. Specifies the job execution user to which the
         job is mapped.
.sp 2
\fB-h\fR
.br
         Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
\fB-V\fR
.br
         Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.SH See also

.sp 2
lsf.usermapping configuration file