
.ad l

.TH bswitch 1 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBbswitch\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Switches unfinished jobs from one queue to another.
.sp 2

.SH Synopsis

.sp 2
\fBbswitch\fR [\fB-a "\fR application_name
[\fB(\fR[argument[,argument...]]\fB)\fR]...\fB"\fR] [\fB-J\fR
job_name] [\fB-m\fR host_name | \fB-m\fR host_group | \fB-m\fR
compute_unit] [\fB-q\fR queue_name] [\fB-u\fR user_name |
\fB-u\fR user_group | \fB-u all\fR] destination_queue [\fB0\fR]
.sp 2
\fBbswitch \fRdestination_queue [job_ID |
\fB"\fRjob_ID\fB[\fRindex_list\fB]"\fR] ...
.sp 2
\fBbswitch\fR [\fB-h\fR | \fB-V\fR]
.SH Description

.sp 2
Switches one or more of your unfinished jobs to the specified
queue. LSF administrators and root can switch jobs that are
submitted by other users.
.sp 2
By default, switches one job, the most recently submitted job, or
the most recently submitted job that also satisfies other
specified options (-m, -q, -u, or -J). Specify 0 (zero) to switch
multiple jobs.
.sp 2
The switch operation can be done only if a specified job is
acceptable to the new queue as if it were submitted to it, and,
in case the job that was dispatched to a host, if the host can be
used by the new queue. If the switch operation is unsuccessful,
the job stays where it is. Switched jobs use the successful
application exit values (that is, the exit codes specified by the
\fBSUCCESS_EXIT_VALUES\fR parameter) from the new queue.
.sp 2
If the parameter \fBDEFAULT_USER_GROUP\fR in the lsb.params file
is defined, a job that is switched to a queue where it cannot run
(without shares in a fairshare queue, for example) is transferred
to the default user group so the job can run.
.sp 2
If a switched job was not dispatched, then its behavior is as if
it were submitted to the new queue in the first place.
.sp 2
If a switched job was dispatched, then it is controlled by the
\fRloadSched\fR and \fRloadStop\fR vectors and other
configuration parameters of the new queue, but its nice value and
resource limits remain the same. Also, the switched job is
controlled by the \fBPRIORITY\fR and \fBRUN_WINDOW\fR
configuration parameters of the new queue.
.sp 2
Members of a chunk job can be switched to another queue. Running
chunk job members are removed from the chunk and switched; all
other jobs in \fRWAIT\fR state are requeued to \fRPEND\fR state.
For chunk jobs in \fRWAIT\fR state, only the \fRWAIT\fR job is
removed from the chunk and switched, and requeued to \fRPEND\fR.
.sp 2
The bswitch command is useful to change a job’s attributes that
are inherited from the queue.
.sp 2
The bswitch command can switch resizable jobs between queues
regardless of job state. After the job is switched, the
parameters in new queue apply, including threshold configuration,
run limit, CPU limit, queue-level resource requirements, and so
on. Multi-phase \fRrusage\fR string resource requirements can be
switched in the middle of a phase.
.sp 2
When you switch a job between fairshare queues by using decayed
run time to calculate dynamic priority, the decayed run time is
switched. If the old queue did not decay the run time, the
non-decayed run time is switched over; if the new queue does not
decay run time, the undecayed run time is switched over.
.sp 2
When you switch a pending job to a queue with limits set by the
parameter \fBRESRSV_LIMIT\fR in the lsb.queues file, the job’s
\fRrusage\fR values must be within the set limits or the job
cannot be switched. When you switch a running job to a queue with
limits set by the parameter \fBRESRSV_LIMIT\fR, the job’s maximum
\fRrusage\fR values cannot exceed the maximums set by the
\fBRESRSV_LIMIT\fR parameter, but the job’s \fRrusage\fR values
can be lower than the minimum values.
.sp 2
By default, the job\(aqs effective resource requirements are not
changed when you use the bswitch command. The effective resource
requirement string for scheduled jobs represents the resource
requirement that is used by the scheduler to make a dispatch
decision. If the \fBBSWITCH_MODIFY_RUSAGE\fR parameter is enabled
and you run the bswitch command, the job\(aqs effective resource
requirements are changed according to the new combined resource
requirements.
.sp 2
When you switch a job that is auto-attached to a guaranteed
service class, the auto-attachment is reevaluated if required.
.SH Options

.sp 2
\fB0\fR
.br
         (Zero). Switches multiple jobs. Switches all the jobs
         that satisfy other specified options (-m, -q, -u, and
         -J).
.sp 2
\fB-a "\fIapplication_name\fB(arg1[,arg2 …]) …"\fR
.br
         Specifies an application-specific eswitch executable
         file that you want LSF to associate with the switch
         request.
.sp 2
         This option functions the same as the bsub -a option,
         except that it controls eswitch files instead of
         esub/epsub files.
.sp 2
\fB-J \fIjob_name\fB\fR
.br
         Switches only jobs that have the specified job name.
.sp 2
         The job name can be up to 4094 characters long. Job
         names are not unique.
.sp 2
         The wildcard character (\fR*\fR) can be used anywhere
         within a job name, but it cannot appear within an array
         index. For example, the pattern \fRjob*\fR returns
         \fRjobA\fR and \fRjobarray[1]\fR. The \fR*AAA*[1]\fR
         pattern returns the first element in job arrays with
         names that contain \fRAAA\fR. However, the pattern
         \fRjob1[*]\fR does not return anything since the
         wildcard is within the array index.
.sp 2
\fB-m\fI host_name\fB | -m \fIhost_group\fB | -m
\fIcompute_unit\fB\fR
.br
         Switches only jobs that are dispatched to the specified
         host, host group, or compute unit.
.sp 2
\fB-q \fIqueue_name\fB \fR
.br
         Switches only jobs in the specified queue.
.br
         If the job has a RUNLIMIT defined in lsb.queues, LSF
         will consider the new run limit while scheduling the AR
         jobs.
.sp 2
\fB-u \fIuser_name\fB | -u \fIuser_group\fB | -u all \fR
.br
         Switches only jobs that are submitted by the specified
         user, or all users if you specify the keyword all. To
         specify a Windows user account, include the domain name
         in uppercase letters and use a single backslash
         (\fR\fIDOMAIN_NAME\fR\\fIuser_name\fR\fR) on a Windows
         command prompt or a double backslash
         (\fR\fIDOMAIN_NAME\fR\\\fIuser_name\fR\fR) on a UNIX or
         Linux command line.
.sp 2
         If you specify a user group, switches jobs submitted by
         all users in the group.
.sp 2
\fB\fIdestination_queue\fB \fR
.br
         Required. Specify the queue to which the job is to be
         moved.
.sp 2
\fB\fIjob_ID ...\fB |\fI"job_ID[index_list]"\fB ...\fR
.br
         Switches only the specified jobs.
.sp 2
\fB-h\fR
.br
         Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
\fB-V\fR
.br
         Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.SH Limitations

.sp 2
You cannot switch a LSF multicluster capability job.
.SH See also

.sp 2
bhosts, bjobs, bqueues, bsub, bugroup