
.ad l

.TH btop 1 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBbtop\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Moves a pending job relative to the first job in the queue.
.sp 2

.SH Synopsis

.sp 2
\fBbtop \fR [\fB-u\fR] job_ID |
\fB"\fRjob_ID\fB[\fRindex_list\fB]"\fR [position]
.sp 2
\fBbtop\fR [\fB-h\fR | \fB-V\fR]
.SH Description

.sp 2
Changes the queue position of a pending job or a pending job
array element to affect the order in which jobs are considered
for dispatch.
.sp 2
By default, LSF dispatches jobs in a queue in the order of their
arrival (that is, first come, first served), subject to
availability of suitable server hosts.
.sp 2
Use the btop command to manually change the order in which jobs
are considered for dispatch. Users can operate only on their own
jobs. LSF administrators can operate on any user’s jobs. Users
can change the relative position only for their own jobs.
.sp 2
If the LSF administrator uses the btop command, the selected job
is moved before the first job with the same priority that is
submitted to the queue. The positions of all users’ jobs in the
queue can be changed by the LSF administrator.
.sp 2
If a regular user uses the btop command, the selected job is
moved before the first job with the same priority that is
submitted by the user to the queue. Pending jobs are displayed by
the bjobs command in the order in which they are considered for
dispatch.
.sp 2
You can use the btop command to change the dispatch order of your
jobs that was scheduled through a fairshare policy. If the LSF
administrator uses the btop command to move a job that was
scheduled through a fairshare policy, the job is not subject to
further fairshare scheduling unless the same job is later moved
by the LSF administrator with the bbot command. In this case, the
job is scheduled again by using the same fairshare policy.
.sp 2
To prevent users from changing the queue position of a pending
job with the btop command, configure the
\fBJOB_POSITION_CONTROL_BY_ADMIN=Y\fR in the lsb.params file.
.sp 2
You cannot run the btop command on jobs that are pending in an
absolute priority scheduling (APS) queue.
.SH Options

.sp 2
\fB-u\fR
.br
         Optional. When specified, allows jobs to be moved
         relative to the normal user\(aqs own job list. This option
         can only be used by the LSF administrator. If used by a
         normal user, this option is ignored.
.sp 2
\fB\fIjob_ID\fB | "\fIjob_ID[index_list]\fB"\fR
.br
         Required. Job ID of the job or of the job array on which
         to operate.
.sp 2
         For a job array, the index list, the square brackets,
         and the quotation marks are required. An index list is
         used to operate on a job array. The index list is a
         comma-separated list whose elements have the syntax
         \fR\fIstart_index\fR[-\fIend_index\fR[:\fIstep\fR]]\fR
         where \fIstart_index\fR, \fIend_index\fR, and \fIstep\fR
         are positive integers. If the step is omitted, a step of
         one is assumed. The job array index starts at one. The
         maximum job array index is 1000. All jobs in the array
         have the same job ID and parameters. Each element of the
         array is distinguished by its array index.
.sp 2
\fB\fIposition\fB\fR
.br
         Optional. The \fIposition\fR argument can be specified
         to indicate where in the queue the job is to be placed.
         The \fR\fIposition\fR\fR option is a positive number
         that indicates the target position of the job from the
         beginning of the queue. The positions are relative to
         only the applicable jobs in the queue, depending on
         whether the invoker is a regular user or the LSF
         administrator. The default value of \fR1\fR means the
         position is before all the other jobs in the queue that
         have the same priority.
.sp 2
\fB-h\fR
.br
         Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
\fB-V\fR
.br
         Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.SH See also

.sp 2
bbot, bjobs, bswitch