
.ad l

.TH bugroup 1 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBbugroup\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Displays information about user groups.
.sp 2

.SH Synopsis

.sp 2
\fBbugroup\fR [\fB-l\fR] [\fB-r\fR] [\fB-w\fR] [user_group ...]
.sp 2
\fBbugroup\fR [\fB-h\fR | \fB-V\fR]
.SH Description

.sp 2
Displays user groups, user names, APS user group (UG) factors,
user shares, and group administrators for each group. Group
administrators are expanded to show individual user names even if
a user group is the configured administrator. Group administrator
rights inherited from member subgroups are also shown.
.sp 2
The default is to display information about all user groups.
.SH Options

.sp 2
\fB-l\fR
.br
         Displays information in a long multi-line format. Also
         displays share distribution if shares are configured.
.sp 2
\fB-r \fR
.br
         Expands the user groups recursively. The expanded list
         contains only user names; it does not contain the names
         of subgroups. Duplicate user names are listed only once.
.sp 2
\fB-w\fR
.br
         Wide format. Displays user and user group names without
         truncating fields.
.sp 2
\fB\fIuser_group ...\fB\fR
.br
         Displays only information about the specified user
         groups. Do not use quotation marks when you specify
         multiple user groups.
.sp 2
\fB-h\fR
.br
         Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
\fB-V\fR
.br
         Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.SH Output

.sp 2
In the list of users, a name followed by a slash (\fR/\fR)
indicates a subgroup.
.SH Files

.sp 2
User groups, groups administrators, APS priority factors, and
user shares are defined in the configuration file lsb.users.
.SH See also

.sp 2
bmgroup, busers, lsb.users