
.ad l

.TH busers 1 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBbusers\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Displays information about users and user groups.
.sp 2

.SH Synopsis

.sp 2
\fBbusers\fR [\fB-alloc\fR] [\fB-w\fR] [user_name ... |
user_group ... | \fBall\fR]
.sp 2
\fBbusers\fR [\fB-h\fR | \fB-V\fR]
.SH Description

.sp 2
By default, displays information about the user who runs the
command.
.sp 2
When a resizable job has a resize allocation request, the busers
command displays pending requests. When LSF adds more resources
to a running resizable job, the busers command decreases pending
job counts and displays the added resources. When LSF removes
resources from a running resizable job, the busers command
displays the updated resources.
.SH Options

.sp 2
\fB-alloc\fR
.br
         Shows counters for slots in \fRRUN\fR, \fRSSUSP\fR,
         \fRUSUSP\fR, and \fRRSV\fR state. The slot allocation is
         different depending on whether the job is an exclusive
         job or not.
.sp 2
\fB\fIuser_name\fB ... | \fIuser_group\fB ... | all\fR
.br
         Displays information about the specified users or user
         groups, or about all users if you specify the all
         option. To specify a Windows user account, include the
         domain name in uppercase letters and use a single
         backslash on a Windows command prompt or a double
         backslash (\fR\fIDOMAIN_NAME\fR∖∖\fIuser_name\fR\fR) on
         a UNIX ore Linux command line.
.sp 2
\fB-w\fR
.br
         Prints pending job thresholds for users and user groups
         and exits. Output shows \fRPEND\fR, \fRMPEND\fR,
         \fRPJOBS\fR, and \fRMPJOBS\fR fields.
.sp 2
\fB-o\fR
.br
         Sets the customized output format. Specify which busers
         fields to display, and in which order.
.sp 2
         The busers -o option overrides the
         \fBLSB_BUSERS_FORMAT\fR environment variable, which
         overrides the \fBLSB_BUSERS_FORMAT\fR setting in
         lsf.conf.
.sp 2
         The following are the field names used to specify the
         busers fields to display:
.sp 2
         *  user (the name of the user or user group)
.sp 2
         *  jl/p
.sp 2
         *  max
.sp 2
         *  nstart (the current number of starting tasks for all
            of a users\(aq jobs)
.sp 2
         *  pend
.sp 2
         *  run
.sp 2
         *  ssusp
.sp 2
         *  ususp
.sp 2
         *  rsv
.sp 2
         *  njobs
.sp 2
         *  pjobs
.sp 2
         *  mpend
.sp 2
         *  mpjobs
.sp 2
         *  priority
.sp 2
         *  ngpus (the number of physical GPUs that the users or
            user groups are using)
.sp 2
         *  ngpus_shared (the number of physical GPUs that the
            users or user groups are using in shared mode)
.sp 2
         *  ngpus_excl (the number of physical GPUs that the
            users or user groups are using in exclusive mode)
.sp 2
         *  ngpus_shared_jexcl (the number of physical GPUs that
            the users or user groups are using in shared mode,
            but the jobs of the user is exclusive)
.sp 2
         Field names are case-sensitive.
.sp 2
         For example,
.sp 2
         \fRbusers -o "user ngpus_alloc ngpus_excl_alloc
         ngpus_shared_alloc ngpus_shared_jexcl_alloc"\fR
.sp 2
\fB-h\fR
.br
         Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
\fB-V\fR
.br
         Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.SH Output

.sp 2
A listing of the users and user groups is displayed with the
following fields:
.sp 2
\fBUSER/GROUP \fR
.br
         The name of the user or user group.
.sp 2
\fBJL/P \fR
.br
         The maximum number of job slots that can be processed
         simultaneously for the specified users on each
         processor. For non-preemptive scheduling, these job
         slots are used by running and suspended jobs or by
         pending jobs that with job slots that are reserved for
         them. For preemptive scheduling, these job slots are
         used by running jobs or by pending jobs with slots that
         are reserved for them. This job limit is configured per
         processor so that multiprocessor hosts have more job
         slots. The dash character (\fR-\fR) indicates no limit.
         \fRJL/P\fR is defined in the LSF configuration file
         lsb.users.
.sp 2
\fBMAX \fR
.br
         The maximum number of job slots that can be processed
         concurrently for the specified users\(aq jobs. For
         non-preemptive scheduling, these job slots are used by
         running and suspended jobs or by pending jobs with job
         slots that are reserved for them. For preemptive
         scheduling, these job slots are used by running jobs or
         by pending jobs with job slots that are reserved for
         them. The dash character (\fR-\fR) indicates no limit.
         \fRMAX\fR is defined by the \fBMAX_JOBS\fR parameter in
         the lsb.users file.
.sp 2
\fBNJOBS \fR
.br
         The current number of tasks for all of a users\(aq jobs. A
         parallel job that is pending is counted as \fIn\fR tasks
         for it uses \fIn\fR job slots in the queue when it is
         dispatched.
.sp 2
         If the -alloc option is used, total is the sum of the
         \fRRUN\fR, \fRSSUSP\fR, \fRUSUSP\fR, and \fRRSV\fR
         counters.
.sp 2
\fBPEND \fR
.br
         The number of tasks in all of the specified users\(aq
         pending jobs. If used with the -alloc option, the total
         is \fR0\fR.
.sp 2
\fBRUN \fR
.br
         The number of tasks in all of the specified users\(aq
         running jobs. If the -alloc option is used, the total is
         the allocated slots for the users\(aq jobs.
.sp 2
\fBSSUSP \fR
.br
         The number of tasks in all of the specified users\(aq
         system-suspended jobs. If the -alloc option is used,
         total is the allocated slots for the users\(aq jobs.
.sp 2
\fBUSUSP\fR
.br
         The number of tasks in all of the specified users\(aq
         user-suspended jobs. If the -alloc option is used, total
         is the allocated slots for the users\(aq jobs.
.sp 2
\fBRSV \fR
.br
         The number of tasks that reserve slots for all of the
         specified users\(aq pending jobs. If the -alloc option is
         used, total is the allocated slots for the users\(aq jobs.
.sp 2
\fBMPEND\fR
.br
         The pending job slot threshold for the specified users
         or user groups. \fRMPEND\fR is defined by the
         \fBMAX_PEND_SLOTS\fR parameter in the lsb.users
         configuration file.
.sp 2
\fBPRIORITY\fR
.br
         The APS user (\fRUSER\fR) factors for the specified
         users or user groups. \fRPRIORITY\fR is defined by the
         \fBPRIORITY\fR parameter in the lsb.users file. User
         priority is displayed only with the busers -w option.
.sp 2
\fBPJOBS\fR
.br
         The number of users\(aq pending jobs.
.sp 2
\fBMPJOBS\fR
.br
         The pending job threshold for the specified users.
         \fRMPJOBS\fR is defined by the \fBMAX_PEND_JOBS\fR
         parameter in the configuration file lsb.users.
.SH See also

.sp 2
bugroup, lsb.users, lsb.queues