
.ad l

.TH bwait 1 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBbwait\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Pauses and waits for the job query condition to be satisfied.
.sp 2

.SH Synopsis

.sp 2
\fBbwait -w "\fRwait_condition\fB"\fR [\fB-t \fRtimeout] [\fB-r
\fRrereg_interval]
.sp 2
\fBbwait\fR \fB-h\fR | \fB-V\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
The bwait command pauses and waits for the specified job
condition to occur before the command returns. Use the bwait
command to reduce workload on the mbatchd daemon by including
bwait in a user script for running jobs instead of using the
bjobs command in a tight loop to check the job status. For
example, the user script might have a command to submit a job,
then run bwait to wait for the first job to be \fRDONE\fR before
continuing the script.
.sp 2
You can also set the maximum amount of time that the mbatchd
daemon takes to evaluate the wait conditions in a scheduling
session by specifying the \fBEVALUATE_WAIT_CONDITION_TIMEOUT\fR
parameter in the lsb.params file. This limits the amount of time
that the wait condition evaluation blocks services and frees up
time to perform other services during the scheduling cycle.
.SH Options

.sp 2
\fB-w \fIwait_condition\fB\fR
.br
         Required. Specifies the wait condition to be satisfied.
         This expression follows the same format as the job
         dependency expression for the bsub -w option. For more
         details, refer to bsub -w.
.sp 2
\fB-t \fItimeout\fB\fR
.br
         Optional. Specifies the timeout interval for the wait
         condition, in minutes. Specify an integer between 1 and
         525600 (one year). By default, LSF uses the value of the
         \fBDEFAULT_BWAIT_TIMEOUT\fR parameter in the lsb.params
         file.
.sp 2
\fB-r \fIrereg_interval\fB\fR
.br
         Optional. Specifies the time interval to re-register the
         wait condition from the bwait command to the mbatch
         daemon, in minutes. Specify an integer between 1 and
         525600 (one year). By default, LSF uses the value of the
         \fBLSB_BWAIT_REREG_INTERVAL\fR parameter in the lsf.conf
         file.
.sp 2
\fB-h\fR
.br
         Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
\fB-V\fR
.br
         Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.