
.ad l

.TH ch 1 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBch\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Changes the host where subsequent commands run.
.sp 2

.SH Synopsis

.sp 2
\fBch\fR [\fB-S\fR] [\fB-t\fR] [host_name]
.sp 2
\fBch\fR [\fB-h\fR | \fB-V\fR]
.SH Description

.sp 2
The ch command has the following default behavior:
.sp 2
*  If no arguments are specified, changes the current host to the
   home host, the host from which the ch command was issued.
.sp 2
*  Runs commands on the home host.
.sp 2
*  Shell mode support is not enabled.
.sp 2
*  Does not display run time of tasks.
.sp 2
Use the ch command to quickly change to a designated host with
the same execution environment. A simple shell is started that
delivers all subsequent commands (except built-in commands) to
the designated host for execution.
.sp 2
When the simple shell starts, it is in the current working
directory and has the same command execution environment as the
parent shell. Every remotely dispatched command is run with the
same environment as on the home host. The syntax of the ch
command is similar to the Bourne shell with some important
differences.
.sp 2
The ampersand (\fR&\fR) character that follows a command
represents a background job in the Bourne shell. The ampersand
(\fR&\fR) character is ignored by the ch command. You can submit
background jobs with the ch command with the built-in post
command and bring them into the foreground with the built-in
contact command.
.sp 2
The ch command recognizes a tilde (\fR~\fR) as a special path
name. If a tilde is followed by white space (space, tab, new line
or slash (\fR/\fR) character, the \fR~\fR character is represents
the user’s home directory. Otherwise, the \fR~\fR represents the
home directory of the user name that is given by the string that
follows the \fR~\fR character. Pipes, lists of commands and
redirection of standard input and standard output are all handled
by running the /bin/sh command.
.sp 2
The following sequence of commands illustrates the behavior of
the ch command. For example, the user is on \fRhostA\fR:
.sp 2
ch hostB
.br
hostB> ch hostC
.br
hostC> ch
.br
hostA> ... ...
.br

.SH Options

.sp 2
\fB-S\fR
.br
         Starts remote tasks with shell mode support. Shell mode
         support is required for running interactive shells or
         applications that redefine the \fRCTRL-C\fR and
         \fRCTRL-Z\fR keys (for example, jove).
.sp 2
\fB-t\fR
.br
         Turns on the timing option. The amount of time each
         subsequent command takes to run is displayed.
.sp 2
\fB\fIhost_name\fB\fR
.br
         Runs subsequent commands on the specified host.
.sp 2
\fB-h\fR
.br
         Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
\fB-V\fR
.br
         Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.SH Usage

.sp 2
The ch command interprets the following built-in commands:
.sp 2
\fBcd [\fIdirectory_name\fB] \fR
.br
         Changes the current working directory to the specified
         directory. If a directory is not specified, changes to
         the user’s home directory by default.
.sp 2
\fBch [\fIhost_name\fB] \fR
.br
         Changes the current working host to the specified host.
         If a host is not specified, changes to the home host by
         default.
.sp 2
\fBpost [\fIcommand\fB [\fIargument\fB ...]] \fR
.br
         Posts the specified command for execution in the
         background on the current working host. The ch command
         assigns a unique task ID to this command and displays
         the ID. The ch command continues to interact with the
         user. However, the output of background jobs might
         disturb the screen. You can post multiple commands on
         one host or on different hosts. When a previously posted
         command is completed, the ch command reports its status
         to standard error. If a command is not specified, the ch
         command displays all running background commands.
.sp 2
\fBcontact \fItask_ID\fB \fR
.br
         Brings a previously posted background command into the
         foreground. The task ID (\fItask_ID\fR) is the ID
         returned by the post command. Standard input is passed
         to this foreground command. You cannot put an active
         foreground job into the background. A command that was
         brought into the foreground with the contact command
         cannot be put back into the background.
.sp 2
\fBexit \fR
.br
         Exits the ch command if no posted commands are running.
         Typing an EOF character (usually \fRCTRL-D\fR but can be
         set otherwise, see stty) forces the ch command to exit.
         Posted commands that are not completed are killed.
.SH Limitations

.sp 2
The ch command does not support script, history, or alias.
.sp 2
The ch command shows the following prompt:
\fR\fIcurrent_working_host\fR:\fIcurrent_working_directory\fR>\fR.
If the ch session is invoked by a shell that supports job control
(such as \fRtcsh\fR or \fRksh\fR), \fRCTRL-Z\fR suspends the ch
session. The exit status of a command line is printed to stderr
if the status is nonzero.
.SH See also

.sp 2
lsrun, rsh, stty