
.ad l

.TH fodapps 1 "June 2016" "" ""n.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBfodapps\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Displays status of applications managed by FOD.
.sp 2

.SH Synopsis

.sp 2
\fBfodapps\fR [-l | | -h | -V]
.SH Description

.sp 2
Lists all applications managed by FOD and displays information
about them.
.sp 2
By default, displays status, PID, and host for each application.
.SH Options

.sp 2
\fB-l\fR
.br
         Long format. Also displays path and parameters for each
         application.
.sp 2
\fB-h\fR
.br
         Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
\fB-V\fR
.br
         Prints FOD release version to stderr and exits.
.SH Default output

.sp 2
\fBNAME\fR
.br
         Name of the application managed by FOD.
.sp 2
\fB STATUS\fR
.br
         The status of the application:
.sp 2
         \fBrunning\fR
.br
                  The application has started and is running
                  properly.
.sp 2
         \fBinitial\fR
.br
                  FOD has not yet attempted to start the
                  application. This state is only seen at startup
                  time.
.sp 2
         \fBexit\fR
.br
                  The application failed to start properly. FOD
                  automatically restarts the application.
.sp 2
\fBPID\fR
.br
         The application process ID.
.sp 2
\fBHOST\fR
.br
         The name of the FOD master host. All applications
         managed by FOD run on the FOD master host.
.SH -l output

.sp 2
\fBPATH\fR
.br
         The full path of the application.
.sp 2
\fBPARAMETERS\fR
.br
         The application parameters.
.sp 2
