
.ad l

.TH lsacct 1 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBlsacct\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Displays accounting statistics on finished RES tasks in the LSF
system.
.sp 2

.SH Synopsis

.sp 2
\fBlsacct\fR [\fB-l\fR] [\fB-C\fR time0,time1] [\fB-S\fR
time0,time1] [\fB-f\fR logfile_name] [\fB-m\fR host_name]
[\fB-u\fR user_name ... | \fB-u all\fR] [pid ...]
.sp 2
\fBlsacct\fR [\fB-h\fR | \fB-V\fR]
.SH Description

.sp 2
Displays statistics on finished tasks that are run through RES.
When a remote task completes, RES logs task statistics in the
task log file.
.sp 2
By default, displays accounting statistics for only tasks that
are owned by the user who ran the lsacct command.
.sp 2
By default, displays accounting statistics for tasks that are
executed on all hosts in the LSF system.
.sp 2
By default, displays statistics for tasks that are logged in the
task log file that is currently used by RES:
LSF_RES_ACCTDIR/lsf.acct.\fIhost_name\fR or
/tmp/lsf.acct.\fIhost_name\fR.
.sp 2
If the -l option is not specified, the default is to display only
the fields in \fRSUMMARY\fR.
.sp 2
The RES on each host writes its own accounting log file. These
files can be merged by using the lsacctmrg command to generate
statistics for the entire LSF cluster.
.sp 2
All times are reported in seconds. All sizes are reported in KB.
.SH Options

.sp 2
\fB-l \fR
.br
         Per-task statistics. Displays statistics about each
         task.
.sp 2
\fB-C \fItime0\fB,\fItime1\fB \fR
.br
         Displays accounting statistics for only tasks that
         completed or exited during the specified time interval.
.sp 2
         The time format is the same as in the bhist command.
.sp 2
\fB-f \fIlogfile_name\fB \fR
.br
         Searches the specified task log file for accounting
         statistics. Specify either an absolute or a relative
         path.
.sp 2
         Useful for analyzing old task log files or files that
         are merged with the \fRlsacctmrg\fR command.
.sp 2
\fB-m \fIhost_name\fB ... \fR
.br
         Displays accounting statistics only for tasks that are
         executed on the specified hosts.
.sp 2
         If a list of hosts is specified, host names must be
         separated by spaces and enclosed in quotation marks
         (\fR"\fR) or (\fR’\fR).
.sp 2
\fB-S \fItime0\fB,\fItime1\fB\fR
.br
         Displays accounting statistics only for tasks that began
         running during the specified time interval.
.sp 2
         The time format is the same as in the bhist command.
.sp 2
\fB-u \fIuser_name\fB ... | -u all \fR
.br
         Displays accounting statistics only for tasks that are
         owned by the specified users, or by all users if the
         keyword all is specified.
.sp 2
         If a list of users is specified, user names must be
         separated by spaces and enclosed in quotation marks
         (\fR"\fR) or (\fR’\fR). You can specify both user names
         and user IDs in the list of users. To specify a Windows
         user account, include the domain name in uppercase
         letters and use a single backslash
         (\fR\fIDOMAIN_NAME\fR\\fIuser_name\fR\fR) on a Windows
         command prompt or a double backslash
         (\fR\fIDOMAIN_NAME\fR\\\fIuser_name\fR\fR) on a UNIX or
         Linux command line.
.sp 2
\fB\fIpid\fB ... \fR
.br
         Displays accounting statistics only for tasks with the
         specified process ID. This option overrides all other
         options except for the -l, -f, -h, and -V options.
.sp 2
\fB-h\fR
.br
         Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
\fB-V \fR
.br
         Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.SH Default output

.sp 2
Overall statistics for tasks are displayed. The \fRSUMMARY\fR is
the default output format.
.sp 2
The total, average, maximum, and minimum resource usage
statistics apply to all specified tasks.
.sp 2
The following fields are displayed:
.sp 2
\fBTotal number of tasks \fR
.br
         Total number of tasks, including tasks that are
         completed successfully and total number of exited tasks.
.sp 2
\fBTime range of started tasks \fR
.br
         Start time of the first and last task selected.
.sp 2
\fBTime range of ended tasks \fR
.br
         Completion or exit time of the first and last task
         selected.
.sp 2
\fBResource usage of tasks selected \fR
.br
         See getrusage.
.sp 2
\fBCPU time \fR
.br
         Total CPU time that is consumed by the task.
.sp 2
\fBPage faults \fR
.br
         Number of page faults.
.sp 2
\fBSwaps\fR
.br
         Number of times the process was swapped out.
.sp 2
\fBBlocks in \fR
.br
         Number of input blocks.
.sp 2
\fBBlocks out \fR
.br
         Number of output blocks.
.sp 2
\fBMessages sent \fR
.br
         Number of System VIPC messages sent.
.sp 2
\fBMessages rcvd \fR
.br
         Number of IPC messages received.
.sp 2
\fBVoluntary cont sw \fR
.br
         Number of voluntary context switches.
.sp 2
\fBInvoluntary con sw \fR
.br
         Number of involuntary context switches.
.sp 2
\fBTurnaround \fR
.br
         Elapsed time from task execution to task completion.
.SH Per-task statistics with the -l option

.sp 2
In addition to the fields displayed by default in SUMMARY,
displays the following fields for each task:
.sp 2
\fBStarting time \fR
.br
         Time the task started.
.sp 2
\fBUser and host name \fR
.br
         User who submitted the task and the host from which the
         task was submitted, in the format
         \fR\fIuser_name\fR@\fIhost\fR\fR.
.sp 2
\fBPID \fR
.br
         UNIX process ID of the task.
.sp 2
\fBExecution host \fR
.br
         Host on which the command was run.
.sp 2
\fBCommand line \fR
.br
         Complete command line that was run.
.sp 2
\fBCWD\fR
.br
         Current working directory of the task.
.sp 2
\fBCompletion time \fR
.br
         Time at which the task completed.
.sp 2
\fBExit status \fR
.br
         UNIX exit status of the task.
.SH Files

.sp 2
Reads the lsf.acct.\fIhost_name\fR file.
.SH See also

.sp 2
bhist, lsacctmrg, res, lsf.acct