
.ad l

.TH lsclusters 1 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBlsclusters\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Displays configuration information about LSF clusters.
.sp 2

.SH Synopsis

.sp 2
\fBlsclusters\fR [\fB-h\fR] [\fB-V\fR] [\fB-l\fR | \fB-w\fR]
[cluster_name ...]
.SH Description

.sp 2
By default, returns information about the local cluster and all
other clusters that the local cluster is aware of. The local
cluster detects all clusters that are defined in the
\fRRemoteClusters\fR section of the
lsf.cluster.\fIcluster_name\fR file if that section exists, or
all clusters defined in the lsf.shared file.
.SH Options

.sp 2
\fB-l\fR
.br
         Long format. Displays additional information.
.sp 2
\fB-w\fR
.br
         Wide format. Displays additional information. Fields are
         displayed without truncation.
.sp 2
\fB\fIcluster_name\fB ...\fR
.br
         Displays information about the specified clusters.
.sp 2
\fB-h\fR
.br
         Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
\fB-V\fR
.br
         Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.SH Default output

.sp 2
A listing of the clusters is displayed with the following fields:
.sp 2
\fBCLUSTER_NAME \fR
.br
         The name of the cluster.
.sp 2
\fBSTATUS \fR
.br
         The status of the cluster. The following values are
         supported:
.sp 2
         \fBok\fR
.br
                  The cluster is in normal load sharing state,
                  and can exchange load information with the
                  local cluster.
.sp 2
         \fBunavail\fR
.br
                  The cluster is unavailable.
.sp 2
\fBMASTER_HOST\fR
.br
         The name of the cluster’s management host.
.sp 2
\fBADMIN\fR
.br
         The user account name of the cluster’s primary LSF
         administrator.
.sp 2
\fBHOSTS\fR
.br
         Number of LSF static client and server hosts in the
         cluster. The HOSTS field does not include floating
         clients.
.sp 2
\fBSERVERS \fR
.br
         Number of LSF server hosts in the cluster.
.SH Long format with the -l option

.sp 2
The -l lists cluster administrator login names, available
host-based resource names, host types, host models, whether the
local cluster accepts or sends interactive jobs to this cluster,
preferred authentication name, and the actual authentication name
in use.
.SH See also

.sp 2
ls_info, ls_policy, ls_clusterinfo lsf.cluster