
.ad l

.TH lseligible 1 "May 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBlseligible\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Displays whether a task is eligible for remote execution.
.sp 2

.SH Synopsis

.sp 2
\fBlseligible\fR [\fB-r\fR] [\fB-q\fR] [\fB-s\fR] task_name
.sp 2
\fBlseligible\fR [\fB-h\fR | \fB-V\fR]
.SH Description

.sp 2
\fBNote: \fRThis command is deprecated and might be removed in a
future version of LSF.
.sp 2
By default, only tasks in the remote task list are considered
eligible for remote execution.
.SH Options

.sp 2
\fB-q \fR
.br
         Quiet mode. Displays only the resource requirement
         string that is defined for the task. The string
         \fRELIGIBLE\fR or \fRNON-ELIGIBLE\fR is omitted.
.sp 2
\fB-r\fR
.br
         Remote mode. Considers eligible for remote execution any
         task not included in the local task list.
.sp 2
\fB-s\fR
.br
         Silent mode. No output is produced. The -q and -s
         options are useful for shell scripts that operate by
         testing the exit status.
.sp 2
\fB\fItask_name\fB\fR
.br
         Specify a command.
.sp 2
\fB-h\fR
.br
         Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
\fB-V\fR
.br
         Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.SH Output

.sp 2
If the task is eligible, the string \fRELIGIBLE\fR followed by
the resource requirements that are associated with the task are
printed to stdout. Otherwise, the string NON-ELIGIBLE is printed
to stdout.
.sp 2
If the lseligible command prints ELIGIBLE with no resource
requirements, the task has the default requirements of CPU
consumption and memory usage.
.SH Diagnostics

.sp 2
The lseligible command has the following exit statuses:
.sp 2
\fB\fR0\fB\fR
.br
         Task is eligible for remote execution.
.sp 2
\fB\fR1\fB\fR
.br
         Command is to be run locally.
.sp 2
\fB\fR-1\fB\fR
.br
         Syntax errors.
.sp 2
\fB\fR-10\fB\fR
.br
         A failure is detected in the LSF system.
.SH See also

.sp 2
ls_eligible, lsrtasks