
.ad l

.TH lsinfo 1 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBlsinfo\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Displays LSF configuration information.
.sp 2

.SH Synopsis

.sp 2
\fBlsinfo\fR [\fB-l\fR | \fB-w\fR] [\fB-m\fR | \fB-M\fR]
[\fB-r\fR] [\fB-t\fR] [resource_name ...]
.sp 2
\fBlsinfo\fR [\fB-h\fR | \fB-V\fR]
.SH Description

.sp 2
By default, displays all LSF configuration information including
resource names and their meanings, host types and models, and
associated CPU factors known to the system.
.sp 2
By default, displays information about all resources. Resource
information includes resource name, resource type, description,
and the default sort order for the resource.
.sp 2
You can use resource names in task placement requests.
.sp 2
Use this command with options to selectively view configured
resources, host types, and host models.
.SH Options

.sp 2
\fB-l \fR
.br
         Displays resource information in a long multi-line
         format. Additional parameters are displayed including
         whether a resource is built-in or configured, and
         whether the resource value changes dynamically or is
         static. If the resource value changes dynamically then
         the interval indicates how often it is evaluated.
.sp 2
\fB-M\fR
.br
         Displays information about all host models in the file
         lsf.shared.
.sp 2
\fB-m \fR
.br
         Displays only information about host models that exist
         in the cluster.
.sp 2
\fB-r \fR
.br
         Displays only information about configured resources.
.sp 2
\fB-t \fR
.br
         Displays only information about configured host types.
.sp 2
\fB-w\fR
.br
         Wide format. Displays the information in a wide format.
.sp 2
\fB\fIresource_name\fB ...\fR
.br
         Displays only information about the specified resources.
.sp 2
\fB-h\fR
.br
         Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
\fB-V \fR
.br
         Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.SH Output for -l option

.sp 2
The -l option displays all information available about load
indices.
.sp 2
\fBTYPE\fR
.br
         Indicates whether the resource is numeric, string, or
         Boolean.
.sp 2
\fBORDER\fR
.br
         \fB\fRInc\fB\fR
.br
                  If the numeric value of the load index
                  increases as the load it measures increases,
                  such as CPU utilization (\fRut\fR).
.sp 2
         \fB\fRDec\fB\fR
.br
                  If the numeric value decreases as the load
                  increases.
.sp 2
         \fB\fRN/A\fB\fR
.br
                  If the resource is not numeric.
.sp 2
\fBINTERVAL\fR
.br
         The number of seconds between updates of that index.
         Load indices are updated every \fRINTERVAL\fR seconds. A
         value of 0 means the value never changes.
.sp 2
\fBBUILTIN\fR
.br
         If \fRBUILTIN\fR is \fRYes\fR, the resource name is
         defined internally by LIM. If \fRBUILTIN\fR is \fRNo\fR,
         the resource name is site-specific defined externally by
         the LSF administrator.
.sp 2
\fBDYNAMIC\fR
.br
         If \fRDYNAMIC\fR is \fRYes\fR the resource is a load
         index that changes over time. If \fRDYNAMIC\fR is
         \fRNo\fR the resource represents information that is
         fixed such as the total swap space on a host. Resources
         are \fRStatic\fR or \fRBoolean\fR.
.sp 2
\fBRELEASE\fR
.br
         Applies to numeric shared resources only. Indicates
         whether LSF releases the resource when a job using the
         resource is suspended. When a job using a shared
         resource is suspended, the resource is held or released
         by the job depending on the configuration of the
         \fRRELEASE\fR parameter in the lsf.shared file.
.sp 2
         \fRNo\fR indicates the resource is held. \fRYes\fR
         indicates the resource is released.
.sp 2
\fBCONSUMABLE\fR
.br
         If \fRCONSUMABLE\fR is \fRYes\fR, the resource is a
         static or dynamic numeric resource that is specified as
         consumable in the \fRResource\fR section of the
         lsf.shared file.
.SH See also

.sp 2
lshosts, lsload, lsf.sharedlsf.shared, ls_info, ls_policy