
.ad l

.TH lslogin 1 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBlslogin\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Remotely logs in to a lightly loaded host.
.sp 2

.SH Synopsis

.sp 2
\fBlslogin\fR [\fB-v\fR] [\fB-m "\fRhost_name ...\fB"\fR | \fB-m
"\fRcluster_name ...\fB"\fR] [\fB-R "\fRres_req\fB"\fR]
[rlogin_options]
.sp 2
\fBlslogin\fR [\fB-h\fR | \fB-V\fR]
.SH Description

.sp 2
\fBNote: \fRThis command is deprecated and might be removed in a
future version of LSF.
.sp 2
By default, the lslogin command selects the least loaded host,
with few users who are logged in, and remotely logs in to that
host by using the UNIX rlogin command.
.sp 2
In a IBM Spectrum LSF multicluster capability environment, the
default is to select the least loaded host in the local cluster.
.sp 2
As an alternative to the rlogin command, you can use an SSH
connection by enabling the \fBLSF_LSLOGIN_SSH\fR parameter in the
lsf.conf file.
.SH Options

.sp 2
\fB-v\fR
.br
         Displays the name of the host that the lslogin command
         remotely logs you in to.
.sp 2
\fB-m "\fIhost_name\fB ..." | -m "\fIcluster_name\fB ..."\fR
.br
         Remotely logs in to the specified host.
.sp 2
         With the IBM Spectrum LSF multicluster capability job
         forwarding, when a cluster name is specified, remotely
         logs in to the least loaded host in the specified
         cluster. The remote cluster must be configured to accept
         interactive jobs from the local cluster in the
         lsf.cluster file.
.sp 2
\fB-R "\fIres_req\fB"\fR
.br
         Remotely logs in to a host that meets the specified
         resource requirement. The resource requirement
         expression restricts the set of candidate hosts and
         determines the host selection policy.
.sp 2
         To find out what resources are configured in your
         system, use the lsinfo and lshosts commands.
.sp 2
\fB\fIrlogin_options \fB\fR
.br
         Specify remote login options that are passed to the
         rlogin command.
.sp 2
         If remote execution fails, the lslogin command logs in
         locally only if the local host also satisfies required
         resources; otherwise, log in fails.
.sp 2
\fB-h\fR
.br
         Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
\fB-V\fR
.br
         Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.SH Example

.sp 2
\fRlslogin -R "select[it>1 && bsd]"\fR
.sp 2
Remotely logs in to a host that is idle for at least 1 minute,
runs BSD UNIX, and is lightly loaded both in CPU resources and
the number of users who are logged in.
.SH Diagnostics

.sp 2
Because the lslogin command passes all unrecognized arguments to
the rlogin command, incorrect options usually cause the rlogin
usage message to be displayed rather than the lslogin usage
message.
.SH See also

.sp 2
\fRls_placereq\fR, rlogin