
.ad l

.TH lsltasks 1 "May 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBlsltasks\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Displays or updates a local task list.
.sp 2

.SH Synopsis

.sp 2
\fBlsltasks\fR [\fB+\fR task_name ... | \fB–\fR task_name ...]
.sp 2
\fBlsltasks\fR [\fB-h\fR | \fB-V\fR]
.SH Description

.sp 2
\fBNote: \fRThis command is deprecated and might be removed in a
future version of LSF.
.sp 2
Displays or updates a user local task list in the $HOME/.lsftask
file.
.sp 2
When no options are specified, displays tasks that are listed in
the system task file lsf.task and the user task file .lsftask.
.sp 2
If the system task file lsf.task conflicts with the user task
file .lsftask, the user task file overrides the system task file.
.sp 2
Tasks in the local task list are not eligible for remote
execution, either because they are trivial tasks or because they
need resources on the local host.
.SH Options

.sp 2
\fB+ \fItask_name\fB\fR
.br
         If a plus sign (\fR+\fR) is specified and the specified
         task names are not already in the user task file
         (.lsftask), adds the task names to the file with a plus
         sign (\fR+\fR) preceding them.
.sp 2
         If any of the task names are already in the .lsftask
         file, the actual action depends on the entry in the
         file. If the entry starts with a \fR+\fR or nothing,
         replaces the entry with the specified content; if the
         entry starts with a minus sign (\fR-\fR), deletes the
         entry from the .lsftask file.
.sp 2
\fB- \fItask_name\fB\fR
.br
         If a minus sign (\fR–\fR) is specified and specified
         task names are not already in the user .lsftask file,
         adds the task names to the file with a \fR–\fR preceding
         the task name.
.sp 2
         If any of the task names are already in the .lsftask
         file, the actual action depends on the entry in the
         file. If the entry starts with a \fR–\fR, no operation
         is done; if the entry starts with a \fR+\fR, deletes the
         entry from the .lsftask file.
.sp 2
\fB-h \fR
.br
         Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
\fB-V \fR
.br
         Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.SH Examples

.sp 2
\fR\fRlsltasks + foo\fR\fR
.sp 2
Adds the command \fRfoo\fR to the local task list.
.SH Files

.sp 2
Reads the system task file lsf.task, and the user .lsftask file.
.sp 2
The system and user task files contain two sections, one for the
remote task list, the other for the local task list. The local
tasks section starts with \fRBegin LocalTasks\fR and ends with
\fREnd LocalTasks\fR. Each line in the section is a task name.
.sp 2
A plus sign (\fR+\fR) or a minus sign (\fR–\fR) can optionally
precede each entry. If no \fR+\fR or \fR–\fR is specified, then
\fR+\fR is assumed.
.SH See also

.sp 2
lseligible, lsrtasks, lsf.task, ls_eligible, ls_task