
.ad l

.TH lsmon 1 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBlsmon\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Displays load information for LSF hosts and periodically updates
the display.
.sp 2

.SH Synopsis

.sp 2
\fBlsmon\fR [\fB-N\fR | \fB-E\fR] [\fB-n\fR num_hosts] [\fB-R\fR
res_req] [\fB-I\fR index_list] [\fB-i\fR interval] [\fB-L\fR
file_name] [host_name ...]
.sp 2
\fBlsmon\fR [\fB-h\fR | \fB-V\fR]
.SH Description

.sp 2
\fBNote: \fRThis command is deprecated and might be removed in a
future version of LSF.
.sp 2
The lsmon command is a full-screen LSF monitoring utility that
displays and updates load information for hosts in a cluster.
.sp 2
By default, displays load information for all hosts in the
cluster, up to the number of lines that fit on-screen.
.sp 2
By default, displays raw load indices.
.sp 2
By default, load information is sorted according to CPU and
paging load.
.sp 2
By default, load information is updated every 10 seconds.
.SH Options

.sp 2
\fB-N\fR
.br
         Displays normalized CPU run queue length load indices.
.sp 2
\fB-E\fR
.br
         Displays effective CPU run queue length load indices.
         Options -N and -E are mutually exclusive.
.sp 2
\fB-n \fInum_hosts\fB\fR
.br
         Displays only load information for the requested number
         of hosts. Information for up to num_hosts hosts that
         best satisfy resource requirements is displayed.
.sp 2
\fB-R \fIres_req\fB\fR
.br
         Displays only load information for hosts that satisfy
         the specified resource requirements.
.sp 2
         Load information for the hosts is sorted according to
         load on the specified resources.
.sp 2
         If resource requirement \fIres_req\fR contains special
         resource names, only load information for hosts that
         provide these resources is displayed. Use the lshosts
         command to find out what resources are available on each
         host.
.sp 2
         If one or more host names are specified, only load
         information for the hosts that satisfy the resource
         requirements is displayed.
.sp 2
\fB-I \fIindex_list\fB\fR
.br
         Displays only load information for the specified load
         indices. Load index names must be separated by a colon
         (for example, \fRr1m:pg:ut\fR).
.sp 2
         If the index list \fIindex_list\fR is too long to fit in
         the screen, the output is truncated. For example, if the
         invoker\(aqs screen is 80 characters wide, then up to 10
         load indices are displayed.
.sp 2
\fB-i \fIinterval\fB\fR
.br
         Sets how often load information is updated on-screen, in
         seconds.
.sp 2
\fB-L \fIfile_name\fB\fR
.br
         Saves load information in the specified file while it is
         displayed on-screen.
.sp 2
         If you do not want load information to be displayed on
         your screen at the same time, use \fRlsmon -L
         \fIfile_name\fR < /dev/null\fR. The format of the file
         is described in the lim.acct file reference.
.sp 2
\fB\fIhost_name\fB ...\fR
.br
         Displays only load information for the specified hosts.
.sp 2
\fB-h\fR
.br
         Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
\fB-V \fR
.br
         Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.SH Usage

.sp 2
You can use the following commands while lsmon is running:
.sp 2
[^L | i | n | N | E | R | q]
.sp 2
\fB^L\fR
.br
         Refreshes the screen.
.sp 2
\fBi\fR
.br
         Prompts you to input a new update interval.
.sp 2
\fBn\fR
.br
         Prompts you to input a new number of hosts to display.
.sp 2
\fBN\fR
.br
         Toggles between displaying raw CPU run queue length load
         indices and normalized CPU run queue length load
         indices.
.sp 2
\fBE\fR
.br
         Toggles between displaying raw CPU run queue length load
         indices and effective CPU run queue length load indices.
.sp 2
\fBR\fR
.br
         Prompts you to input new resource requirements.
.sp 2
\fBq\fR
.br
         Quits lsmon.
.SH Output

.sp 2
The following fields are displayed by default.
.sp 2
\fBHOST_NAME\fR
.br
         Name of specified hosts for which load information is
         displayed, or if resource requirements were specified,
         name of hosts that satisfied the specified resource
         requirement and for which load information is displayed.
.sp 2
\fBstatus\fR
.br
         Status of the host. A minus sign (\fR-\fR) can precede
         the status, indicating that the Remote Execution Server
         (RES) on the host is not running.
.sp 2
         The following statuses are supported:
.sp 2
         \fBok \fR
.br
                  The host is in normal load-sharing state and
                  can accept remote jobs.
.sp 2
         \fBbusy\fR
.br
                  The host is overloaded because some load
                  indices exceed configured thresholds. Load
                  index values that caused the host to be busy
                  are preceded by an asterisk (\fR*\fR. Built-in
                  load indices include \fRr15s\fR, \fRr1m\fR,
                  \fRr15m\fR, \fRut\fR, \fRpg\fR, \fRio\fR,
                  \fRls\fR, \fRit\fR, \fRswp\fR, \fRmem\fR, and
                  \fRtmp\fR. External load indices are configured
                  in the file lsf.cluster.\fIcluster_name\fR.
.sp 2
         \fBlockW \fR
.br
                  The host is locked by its run window. Run
                  windows for a host are specified in the
                  lsf.conf file and can be displayed by the
                  lshosts command. A locked host does not accept
                  load shared jobs from other hosts.
.sp 2
         \fBlockU \fR
.br
                  The host is locked by the LSF administrator or
                  root.
.sp 2
         \fBunavail \fR
.br
                  The host is down or the Load Information
                  Manager (LIM) on the host is not running.
.sp 2
         \fBunlicensed \fR
.br
                  The host does not have a valid LSF license.
.sp 2
\fBr15s\fR
.br
         The 15 second exponentially averaged CPU run queue
         length.
.sp 2
\fBr1m\fR
.br
         The 1 minute exponentially averaged CPU run queue
         length.
.sp 2
\fBr15m\fR
.br
         The 15 minute exponentially averaged CPU run queue
         length.
.sp 2
\fBut\fR
.br
         The CPU utilization exponentially averaged over the last
         minute, 0 - 1.
.sp 2
\fBpg\fR
.br
         The memory paging rate exponentially averaged over the
         last minute, in pages per second.
.sp 2
\fBls\fR
.br
         The number of current login users.
.sp 2
\fBit\fR
.br
         On UNIX, the idle time of the host (the keyboard was not
         touched on all logged in sessions), in minutes.
.sp 2
         On Windows, the \fRit\fR index is based on the time a
         screen saver is active on a particular host.
.sp 2
\fBtmp\fR
.br
         The amount of free space in \fR/tmp\fR, in MBytes.
.sp 2
\fBswp\fR
.br
         The amount of currently available swap space, in MB.
.sp 2
\fBmem\fR
.br
         The amount of currently available memory, in MB.
.SH Diagnostics

.sp 2
Specifying an incorrect resource requirement string with the R
option while the lsmon command is running causes the lsmon
command to exit with an error message.
.sp 2
lsmon exits if it does not receive a reply from LIM within the
update interval.
.SH See also

.sp 2
lshosts, lsinfo, lsload, lslockhost, lim.acct, ls_load