
.ad l

.TH lspasswd 1 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBlspasswd\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Registers Windows user passwords in LSF. Passwords must be 3 - 23
characters long.
.sp 2

.SH Synopsis

.sp 2
\fBlspasswd\fR\fB\fR [\fB-u\fR DOMAIN_NAME\\user_name] [\fB-p\fR
password] [\fB-t\fR host_type]
.sp 2
\fBlspasswd\fR [\fB-r\fR] [\fB-u\fR DOMAIN_NAME\\user_name]
[\fB-t\fR host_type]
.sp 2
\fBlspasswd\fR [\fB-c\fR] [\fB-u\fR DOMAIN_NAME\\user_name]
[\fB-t\fR host_type]
.sp 2
\fBlspasswd\fR [\fB-h\fR | \fB-V\fR]
.SH Description

.sp 2
All users can create and verify passwords; only the LSF
administrator and root can delete passwords.
.sp 2
Users must update the password that is maintained by LSF if they
change their Windows user account password.
.sp 2
Passwords are Windows user account passwords and are saved in the
LSF database. LSF uses the passwords to start jobs on behalf of
the user. Passwords are stored in encrypted format and the
password database is protected by file access permissions.
Passwords remain encrypted as they travel through the network.
.sp 2
From UNIX platforms, the option \fR-u
\fIDOMAIN_NAME\fR\\fIuser_name\fR\fR must be entered inside
double quotation marks \fR"\fIDOMAIN_NAME\fR\\\fIuser_name\fR"\fR
or with a double backslash
\fR\fIDOMAIN_NAME\fR\\\\\fIuser_name\fR\fR to avoid reading
backslash ("\fR\\\fR") as an escape character.
.sp 2
The -p option allows scripts to use the lspasswd command. Do not
use this option directly on the command line because the password
is entered in full view on the command line. Only error messages
are displayed with the -p option.
.sp 2
Specify the -t option (identifying a Windows server host type)
only if you are both running the lspasswd command from a UNIX
host and you defined customized Windows host types other than the
defaults. The specified host type can be any existing Windows
server host type, it does not have to be the execution host type.
.sp 2
The -t option is not needed and is ignored if run from a Windows
host.
.SH Options

.sp 2
\fB-c -u \fIDOMAIN_NAME\\user_name\fB -t \fIhost_type\fB\fR
.br
         Check that the password that is saved in LSF is valid
         for the specified user.
.sp 2
\fB-r -u \fIDOMAIN_NAME\\user_name\fB -t \fIhost_type\fB\fR
.br
         Remove the user entry from the password database.
.sp 2
\fB-u \fIDOMAIN_NAME\\user_name\fB -p \fIpassword\fB -t
\fIhost_type\fB\fR
.br
         Specify the user and password for the user whose
         password you want to register or change.
.sp 2
\fB-h \fR
.br
         Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
\fB-V \fR
.br
         Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.