
.ad l

.TH lsplace 1 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBlsplace\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Displays hosts available to run tasks.
.sp 2

.SH Synopsis

.sp 2
\fBlsplace\fR [\fB-L\fR] [\fB-n\fR minimum | \fB-n 0\fR]
[\fB-R\fR res_req] [\fB-w\fR maximum | \fB-w 0\fR] [host_name
 ...]
.sp 2
\fBlsplace\fR [\fB-h\fR | \fB-V\fR]
.SH Description

.sp 2
Displays hosts available for the execution of tasks, and
temporarily increases the load on these hosts (to avoid sending
too many jobs to the same host in quick succession). The inflated
load decays slowly over time before the real load that is
produced by the dispatched task is reflected in the LIM’s load
information. Host names might be duplicated for multiprocessor
hosts to indicate that multiple tasks can be placed on a single
host.
.sp 2
By default, displays only one host name.
.sp 2
By default, uses LSF default resource requirements.
.SH Options

.sp 2
\fB-L \fR
.br
         Attempts to place tasks on as few hosts as possible. Use
         the -L option for distributed parallel applications to
         minimize communication costs between tasks.
.sp 2
\fB-n \fIminimum\fB | -n 0 \fR
.br
         Displays at least the specified number of hosts. Specify
         0 to display as many hosts as possible.
.sp 2
         Prints \fRNot enough host(s) currently eligible\fR and
         exits with status 1 if the required number of hosts with
         the required resources cannot be found.
.sp 2
\fB-R \fIres_req\fB \fR
.br
         Displays only hosts with the specified resource
         requirements. LSF rejects resource requirement strings
         where an \fRrusage\fR section contains a non-consumable
         resource.
.sp 2
\fB-w \fImaximum\fB | -w 0 \fR
.br
         Displays no more than the specified number of hosts.
         Specify 0 to display as many hosts as possible.
.sp 2
\fB\fIhost_name\fB ...\fR
.br
         Displays only hosts that are among the specified hosts.
.sp 2
\fB-h\fR
.br
         Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
\fB-V \fR
.br
         Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.SH Examples

.sp 2
The lsplace command is mostly used in backward quotation marks
(\fR‘\fR) to pick out a host name that is then passed to other
commands. The following example issues a command to display a
lightly loaded HPPA-RISC host for your program to run on:
.sp 2
lsrun -m ‘lsplace -R hppa‘ myprogram
.br

.sp 2
In order for a job to land on a host with an exclusive resource,
you need to explicitly specify that resource for the resource
requirements. The following example issues a command to display
the host with the \fRbigmem\fR exclusive resource for your
program to run on:
.sp 2
\fRlsrun -m ‘lsplace -R "bigmem"‘ myprogram\fR
.sp 2
The -w (upper bound) and -n (lower bound) options can be combined
to specify the range of processors to be returned. For example,
the following command returns at least 3 and not more than 5 host
names.
.sp 2
lsplace -n 3 -w 5
.br

.SH Diagnostics

.sp 2
The lsplace command returns 1 if not enough hosts are available.
The exit status is -10 if a problem is detected in LSF. Exit
status is -1 for other errors. Normal exit status is 0.
.SH See also

.sp 2
lsinfo, lsload, lsrun, ls_placereq