
.ad l

.TH lsrcp 1 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBlsrcp\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Remotely copies files through LSF.
.sp 2

.SH Synopsis

.sp 2
\fBlsrcp\fR [\fB-a\fR] source_file target_file
.sp 2
\fBlsrcp\fR [\fB-h\fR | \fB-V\fR]
.SH Description

.sp 2
The lsrcp command is a load-sharing remote copy program that
transfers a single file between hosts in an LSF cluster. The
lsrcp command uses RES on an LSF host to transfer files. If LSF
is not installed on a host or if RES is not running, then lsrcp
uses rcp to copy the file.
.sp 2
If the \fBLSF_REMOTE_COPY_CMD\fR parameter is defined in the
lsf.conf file, the lsrcp command uses the specified command and
options to copy the file if the RES cannot copy the file.
.sp 2
To use lsrcp, you must have read access to the file to be copied.
.sp 2
Both the source and target file must be owned by the user who
enters the command.
.sp 2
The lsrcp command uses the rcp command to copy a source file to a
target file owned by another user.
.SH Options

.sp 2
\fB-a\fR
.br
         Appends source_file to target_file.
.sp 2
\fB\fIsource_file\fB \fItarget_file\fB\fR
.br
         Specify an existing file on a local or remote host that
         you want to copy, and a file to which you want to copy
         the source file.
.sp 2
         The file has the following format:
.sp 2
         [[\fIuser_name\fR@]\fIhost_name\fR:][\fIpath\fR/]\fIfile_name\fR
.sp 2
         \fB\fIuser_name\fB \fR
.br
                  Login name to be used for accessing files on
                  the remote host. If \fIuser_name\fR is not
                  specified, the name of the user who entered the
                  command is used.
.sp 2
         \fB\fIhost_name\fB \fR
.br
                  Name of the remote host where the file is
                  located. If \fIhost_name\fR is not specified,
                  the local host, the host from which the command
                  was entered, is used.
.sp 2
         \fB\fIpath\fB \fR
.br
                  Absolute path name or a path name relative to
                  the login directory of the user. Shell file
                  name expansion is not supported on either the
                  local or remote hosts. Only single files can be
                  copied from one host to another.
.sp 2
                  Use a backslash (\fR∖\fR) to transfer files
                  from a Windows host to another Windows host.
.sp 2
                  Use a forward slash (\fR/\fR) to transfer files
                  from a UNIX host to a UNIX host.
.sp 2
                  Always use a forward slash (\fR/\fR) to
                  transfer files from a UNIX host to a Windows
                  host, or from a Windows host to a UNIX host.
                  The operating system interprets the backslash
                  (\fR∖\fR) as an escape character, and lsrcp
                  opens the wrong files.
.sp 2
         \fB\fIfile_name\fB \fR
.br
                  Name of source file. File name expansion is not
                  supported. File names cannot include the colon
                  character (\fR:\fR).
.sp 2
\fB-h\fR
.br
         Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
\fB-V\fR
.br
         Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.SH Examples

.sp 2
\fRlsrcp myfile @hostC:/home/usr/dir1/otherfile\fR
.sp 2
Copies file myfile from the local host to file otherfile on
\fRhostC\fR.
.sp 2
\fRlsrcp user1@hostA:/home/myfile user1@hostB:otherfile\fR
.sp 2
Copies the file myfile from \fRhostA\fR to file otherfile on
\fRhostB\fR.
.sp 2
\fRlsrcp -a user1@hostD:/home/myfile /dir1/otherfile\fR
.sp 2
Appends the file myfile on \fRhostD\fR to the file otherfile on
the local host.
.sp 2
\fRlsrcp /tmp/myfile user1@hostF:~/otherfile\fR
.sp 2
Copies the file myfile from the local host to file otherfile on
\fRhostF\fR in the home directory of \fRuser1\fR.
.SH Diagnostics

.sp 2
The lsrcp command attempts to copy source_file to target_file
using RES. If RES is down or fails to copy the source_file, the
lsrcp command uses the rsh command. When the -a option is
specified, the lsrcp command uses the shell command that is
specified by the \fBLSF_RSH\fR parameter in the lsf.conf file.
When the -a option is not specified, the lsrcp command uses rcp.
.SH Limitations

.sp 2
File transfer with the lsrcp command is not supported in the
following contexts:
.sp 2
*  If LSF account mapping is used, the lsrcp command fails when
   it runs under a different user account.
.sp 2
*  LSF client hosts do not run RES, so the lsrcp command cannot
   contact RES on the submission host.
.sp 2
*  
   The lsrcp command does not support third-party copies, when
   the source and target file are not on the local host. In this
   case, the rcp command or the rsh command (or the shell command
   that is specified by the \fBLSF_RSH\fR parameter in the
   lsf.conf file) is used. If the target file exists, the lsrcp
   command preserves the file permission modes. If the target
   file does not exist, the lsrcp command uses the source file
   modes consistent with the \fRumask\fR of the source host.
.sp 2
The following actions are supported:
.sp 2
*  The rcp command on UNIX. If the lsrcp command cannot contact
   RES on the submission host, it attempts to use the UNIX rcp
   command to copy the file. You must set up the /etc/hosts.equiv
   or HOME/.rhosts file to use the rcp command.
.sp 2
*  You can replace the lsrcp command with your own file transfer
   mechanism if it supports the same syntax as the lsrcp command.
   Replacing the lsrcp command can advantage of a faster
   interconnection network, or to overcome limitations with the
   existing lsrcp command. The sbatchd daemon looks for the lsrcp
   executable file in the LSF_BINDIR directory.
.SH See also

.sp 2
rsh, rcp, res