
.ad l

.TH lsreghost 1 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBlsreghost\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
UNIX version of the lsreghost command registers UNIX LSF host
names and IP addresses with LSF servers so that LSF servers can
internally resolve these hosts without requiring a DNS server.
.sp 2

.SH Synopsis

.sp 2
\fBlsreghost -s\fR file_path\fB/hostregsetup\fR
.sp 2
\fBlsreghost\fR [\fB-h\fR | \fB-V\fR]
.SH Description

.sp 2
Directly registers UNIX LSF host names and IP addresses with LSF
servers so that LSF servers can internally resolve these hosts
without requiring a DNS server. The lsreghost command resolves
the host name and IP address for LSF hosts with non-static IP
addresses in environments where DNS is not able to properly
resolve these hosts after their IP addresses change.
.sp 2
You must run this command with root privileges. If you want to
register the local host at regular intervals, set up a cron job
to run this command.
.sp 2
To use this command, the \fBLSF_REG_FLOAT_HOSTS=Y\fR parameter
must be defined in the lsf.conf file.
.SH Options

.sp 2
\fB-s \fIfile_path\fB/hostregsetup\fR
.br
         The lsreghost command sends a register message to all
         LSF servers listed in the specified hostregsetup file
         and exits.
.sp 2
         The hostregsetup file is a text file with the names of
         the LSF servers to which the local host must register
         itself. Each line in the file contains the host name of
         one LSF server. Empty lines and \fR#comment\fR text are
         ignored.
.sp 2
         \fBTip: \fRIf the LSB_SHAREDIR directory, where the
         reghostcache file is located, is a shared directory that
         is accessible to all hosts in the cluster, you need to
         define only the management host in the hostregsetup
         file.
.sp 2
\fB-h\fR
.br
         Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
\fB-V\fR
.br
         Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.