
.ad l

.TH lsrtasks 1 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBlsrtasks\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Displays or updates a remote task list.
.sp 2

.SH Synopsis

.sp 2
\fBlsrtasks\fR [\fB+\fR task_name[/res_req] ... | \fB–\fR
task_name[/res_req] ...]
.sp 2
\fBlsrtasks\fR [\fB-h\fR | \fB-V\fR]
.SH Description

.sp 2
\fBNote: \fRThis command is deprecated and might be removed in a
future version of LSF.
.sp 2
Displays or updates a user’s remote task list in the
$HOME/.lsftask file.
.sp 2
When no options are specified, displays tasks that are listed in
the system task file lsf.task and the user’s task file .lsftask.
.sp 2
If the system task file lsf.task conflicts with the user task
file, the user task file overrides the system task file.
.sp 2
Tasks in the remote task list are eligible for remote execution.
You can associate resource requirements with each task name.
Eligibility of tasks that are not specified in a task list for
remote execution depends on the operation mode: local or remote.
In local mode, tasks are not eligible for remote execution; in
remote mode, tasks are eligible. You can specify the operation
mode for deciding the eligibility of a task.
.SH Options

.sp 2
\fB+ \fItask_name\fB[/\fIres_req\fB] ...\fR
.br
         If plus sign (\fR+\fR) is specified and the specified
         task names are not already in the user task file
         (.lsftask), adds the task names to the file with a
         \fR+\fR sign that precedes them.
.sp 2
         If any of the task names are already in the .lsftask
         file, the actual action depends on the entry in the
         file. If the entry starts with a plus sign (\fR+\fR) or
         nothing, replaces the entry with the specified content;
         if the entry starts with a minus sign (\fR–\fR), deletes
         the entry from the .lsftask file.
.sp 2
         Remote tasks can have associated resource requirements,
         separated by a backslash (\fR/\fR).
.sp 2
\fB- \fItask_name\fB[/\fIres_req\fB] ...\fR
.br
         If a minus sign (\fR–\fR) is specified and specified
         task names are not already in the user task file
         (.lsftask), adds the task names to the file with a
         \fR–\fR preceding the task name.
.sp 2
         If any of the task names are already in the .lsftask
         file, the actual action depends on the entry in the
         file. If the entry starts with a \fR–\fR, no operation
         is done. If the entry starts with a \fR+\fR, deletes the
         entry from the .lsftask file.
.sp 2
         Remote tasks can have associated resource requirements,
         separated by a backslash (\fR/\fR).
.sp 2
\fB-h \fR
.br
         Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
\fB-V \fR
.br
         Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.SH Examples

.sp 2
\fR% \fRlsrtasks + task1 task2/"select[cpu && mem]" - task3\fR\fR
.sp 2
Or in restricted form:
.sp 2
\fR% lsrtasks + task1 task2/cpu:mem - task3\fR
.sp 2
Adds the command \fRtask1\fR to the remote task list with no
resource requirements, adds \fRtask2\fR with the resource
requirement \fRcpu:mem\fR, and removes \fRtask3\fR from the
remote task list.
.sp 2
% \fRlsrtasks + myjob/swap>=100 && cpu\fR
.sp 2
Adds \fRmyjob\fR to the remote tasks list with its resource
requirements.
.sp 2
Running lsrtasks with no arguments displays the resource
requirements of tasks in the remote list, which is separated from
the task name by a slash (/):
.sp 2
% lsrtasks
.br
cc/cpu              cfd3d/type == SG1 && cpu  compressdir/cpu:mem
.br
f77/cpu             verilog/cpu && cadence    compress/cpu
.br
dsim/type == any    hspice/cpu && cadence      nas/swp > 200 && cpu
.br
compress/-:cpu:mem  epi/hpux11 sparc           regression/cpu
.br
cc/type == local    synopsys/swp >150 && cpu
.br

.SH Files

.sp 2
Reads the system task file lsf.task, and the user task file
(.lsftask).
.sp 2
The system and user task files contain two sections, one for the
remote task list, the other for the local task list. The remote
tasks section starts with \fRBegin RemoteTasks\fR and ends with
\fREnd RemoteTasks\fR. Each line in the section is an entry that
consists of a task name.
.sp 2
A plus sign \fR+\fR or a minus sign \fR–\fR can optionally
precede each entry. If no \fR+\fR or \fR–\fR is specified, then
\fR+\fR is assumed.
.SH See also

.sp 2
lseligible, ls_task, lsltasks, lsf.task, ls_eligible