
.ad l

.TH ssacct 1 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBssacct\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Displays accounting statistics about finished LSF session
scheduler jobs.
.sp 2

.SH Synopsis

.sp 2
\fBssacct\fR [\fB-l\fR] job_ID [task_ID |
\fB"\fRtask_ID\fB[\fRindex\fB]"\fR]
.sp 2
\fBssacct\fR [\fB-l\fR] \fB"\fRjob_ID \fB[\fRindex\fB]"\fR
[task_ID | \fB"\fRtask_ID\fB[\fRindex\fB]"\fR]
.sp 2
\fBssacct\fR [\fB-l\fR] \fB-f\fR log_file [job_ID [task_ID |
\fB"\fRtask_ID\fB[\fRindex\fB]"\fR]]
.sp 2
\fBssacct\fR [\fB-l\fR] \fB-f\fR log_file [\fB"\fRjob_ID
\fB[\fRindex\fB]"\fR [task_ID |
\fB"\fRtask_ID\fB[\fRindex\fB]"\fR]]
.sp 2
\fBssacct\fR [\fB-h\fR] | [\fB-V\fR]
.SH Description

.sp 2
By default, displays accounting statistics for all finished jobs
that are submitted by the user who used the command.
.SH Options

.sp 2
\fB-l\fR
.br
         Long format. Displays extra accounting statistics.
.sp 2
\fB-f \fIlog_file\fB \fR
.br
         Searches the specified job log file for accounting
         statistics. Specify either an absolute or relative path.
.sp 2
         By default, the ssacct command searches for accounting
         files in directory that is defined by the
         \fBSSCHED_ACCT_DIR\fR parameter in the lsb.params file.
         Use this option to parse a specific file in a different
         location. You can specify a log file name, or a job ID,
         or both a log file and a job ID. The following commands
         are correct:
.sp 2
         ssacct -f log_file job_ID
.br

.sp 2
         ssacct -f log_file
.br

.sp 2
         ssacct job_ID
.br

.sp 2
         The specified file path can contain up to 4094
         characters for UNIX, or up to 255 characters for
         Windows.
.sp 2
\fB\fIjob_ID\fB | "\fIjob_ID\fB[\fIindex\fB]" \fR
.br
         Displays information about the specified jobs or job
         arrays.
.sp 2
\fB\fItask_ID\fB | "\fItask_ID\fB[\fIindex\fB]" \fR
.br
         Displays information about the specified tasks or task
         arrays.
.sp 2
\fB-h\fR
.br
         Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
\fB-V\fR
.br
         Prints LSF session scheduler release version to stderr
         and exits.
.SH Output: default format

.sp 2
Statistics on all tasks in the session. The following fields are
displayed:
.sp 2
*  Total number of done tasks
.sp 2
*  Total CPU time in seconds used
.sp 2
*  Average CPU time in seconds used
.sp 2
*  Maximum CPU time in seconds of a task
.sp 2
*  Minimum CPU time in seconds of a task
.sp 2
*  Total wait time in seconds
.sp 2
*  Average wait time in seconds
.sp 2
*  Maximum wait time in seconds
.sp 2
*  Minimum wait time in seconds
.sp 2
*  Average turnaround time (seconds/task)
.sp 2
*  Maximum turnaround time (seconds/task)
.sp 2
*  Minimum turnaround time (seconds/task)
.sp 2
*  Average hog factor of a job (CPU time/turnaround time)
.sp 2
*  Maximum hog factor of a task (CPU time/turnaround time)
.sp 2
*  Minimum hog factor of a task (CPU time/turnaround time)
.sp 2
The total, average, minimum, and maximum statistics are on all
specified tasks.
.sp 2
The wait time is the elapsed time from job submission to job
dispatch.
.sp 2
The turnaround time is the elapsed time from job submission to
job completion.
.sp 2
The hog factor is the amount of CPU time that is consumed by a
job, divided by its turnaround time.
.SH Output: long format with the -l option

.sp 2
In addition to the fields displayed by default in the
\fRSUMMARY\fR output, the -l option displays the following
fields:
.sp 2
\fBCPU_T \fR
.br
         CPU time in seconds used by the task.
.sp 2
\fBWAIT\fR
.br
         Wall clock time in seconds between when the task was
         submitted to the LSF session scheduler and when it was
         dispatched to an execution host.
.sp 2
\fBTURNAROUND\fR
.br
         Wall clock time in seconds between when the task was
         submitted to the LSF session scheduler and when it
         completed running.
.sp 2
\fBSTATUS\fR
.br
         Status that indicates the job was either successfully
         completed (done) or exited (exit)
.sp 2
\fBHOG_FACTOR\fR
.br
         Average hog factor, equal to CPU time/turnaround time.
.SH Files

.sp 2
Reads \fIjob_ID\fR.ssched.acct
.SH See also

.sp 2
ssched, lsb.params