
.ad l

.TH ssched 1 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBssched\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Submit tasks through LSF session scheduler.
.sp 2

.SH Synopsis

.sp 2
\fBssched\fR [options] command
.sp 2
\fBssched\fR [options] \fB-tasks\fR task_definition_file
.sp 2
\fBssched\fR [options] \fB-tasks\fR task_definition_file command
.sp 2
\fBssched\fR [\fB-h\fR | \fB-V\fR]
.SH Description

.sp 2
Options can be specified on the ssched command line or on a line
in a task definition file. If the option is specified on the
command line, it applies to all tasks, whether they are specified
on the command line or in a file. Options that are specified in a
file apply only to the command on that line. Options in the task
definition file override the same option that is specified on the
command line.
.SH ssched exit codes

.sp 2
\fB0\fR
.br
         All tasks completed normally.
.sp 2
\fB1\fR
.br
         An unspecified error occurred.
.sp 2
\fB3\fR
.br
         All tasks completed, but some tasks have a nonzero exit
         code.
.sp 2
\fB4\fR
.br
         Error parsing ssched command line parameters or tasks
         definition file. No tasks were run.
.sp 2
\fB5\fR
.br
         Exceeded the limit that is specified by the
         \fBSSCHED_MAX_TASKS\fRparameter.
.SH Task Definition File Format

.sp 2
The task definition file is an ASCII file. Each line represents
one task, or an array of tasks. Each line has the following
format:
.sp 2
[task_options] command [arguments]
.br

.SH Command options

.sp 2
\fB-1 | -2 | -3\fR
.br
         Enables increasing amounts of debug output.
.sp 2
\fB-C\fR
.br
         Check all parameters and the task definition file. Exit
         immediately after the check is complete. An exit code of
         0 indicates that no errors were found. Any nonzero exit
         code indicates an error. The ssched -C command can be
         run outside of LSF.
.sp 2
\fB-p\fR
.br
         Do not delete the temporary working directory. This
         option is useful when you diagnose errors.
.SH Task options

.sp 2
\fB-E "\fIpre_exec_command\fB [\fIarguments\fB ...]" \fR
.br
         Runs the specified job-based pre-execution command on
         the execution host before running the task.
.sp 2
         The task pre-execution behavior mimics the behavior of
         LSF job pre-execution. However, the task pre-execution
         command cannot run as root.
.sp 2
         The standard input and output for the pre-execution
         command are directed to the same files as the job. The
         pre-execution command runs under the same user ID,
         environment, home, and working directory as the job. If
         the pre-execution command is not in the user\(aqs usual
         execution path (the $PATH variable), the full path name
         of the command must be specified.
.sp 2
\fB-Ep "\fIpost_exec_command\fB [\fIarguments\fB ...]" \fR
.br
         Runs the specified job-based post-execution command on
         the execution host after the task finishes.
.sp 2
         The task post-execution behavior mimics the behavior of
         LSF job post-execution. However, the task post-execution
         command cannot run as root.
.sp 2
         If the post-execution command is not in the user\(aqs usual
         execution path (the $PATH variable), the full path name
         of the command must be specified.
.sp 2
\fB-e \fIerror_file\fB \fR
.br
         Specify a file path. Appends the standard error output
         of the job to the specified file.
.sp 2
         If the parameter \fBLSB_STDOUT_DIRECT\fR in the lsf.conf
         file is set to \fRY\fR or \fRy\fR, the standard error
         output of a task is written to the file you specify as
         the task runs. If the \fBLSB_STDOUT_DIRECT\fR parameter
         is not set, standard error output of a task is written
         to a temporary file and copied to the specified file
         after the task finishes.
.sp 2
         You can use the special characters \fR%J\fR, \fR%I\fR,
         \fR%T\fR, and \fR%X\fR in the name of the output file.
.sp 2
         \fB\fR%J\fB\fR
.br
                  Replaced by the job ID.
.sp 2
         \fB\fR%I\fB\fR
.br
                  Replaced by the job array index.
.sp 2
         \fB\fR%T\fB\fR
.br
                  Replaced with the task ID.
.sp 2
         \fB\fR%X\fB\fR
.br
                  Replaced by the task array index.
.sp 2
         If the current working directory is not accessible on
         the execution host after the job starts, Session
         Scheduler writes the standard error output file to
         /tmp/.
.sp 2
         \fBNote: \fRThe file path can contain up to 4094
         characters, including the directory, file name, and
         expanded values for\fR%J\fR, \fR%I\fR, \fR%T\fR, and
         \fR%X\fR.
.sp 2
\fB-i \fIinput_file\fB \fR
.br
         Gets the standard input for the job from specified file.
         Specify an absolute or relative path. The input file can
         be any type of file, though it is typically a shell
         script text file.
.sp 2
         If -i is not specified, standard input defaults to
         /dev/null.
.sp 2
         You can use the special characters \fR%J\fR, \fR%I\fR,
         \fR%T\fR, and \fR%X\fR in the name of the input file.
.sp 2
         \fB\fR%J\fB\fR
.br
                  Replaced by the job ID.
.sp 2
         \fB\fR%I\fB\fR
.br
                  Replaced by the job array index.
.sp 2
         \fB\fR%T\fB\fR
.br
                  Replaced with the task ID.
.sp 2
         \fB\fR%X\fB\fR
.br
                  Replaced by the task array index.
.sp 2
         \fBNote: \fRThe file path can contain up to 4094
         characters, including the directory, file name, and
         expanded values for\fR%J\fR, \fR%I\fR, \fR%T\fR, and
         \fR%X\fR.
.sp 2
\fB-J \fItask_name\fB[ \fIindex_list\fB]\fR
.br
         Specifies the indices of the task array. The index list
         must be enclosed in square brackets. The index list is a
         comma-separated list whose elements have the syntax
         \fR\fIstart\fR[-\fIend\fR[:\fIstep\fR]]\fR, where
         \fIstart\fR, \fIend\fR and step are positive integers.
         If the step is omitted, a step of one is assumed. The
         task array index starts at one.
.sp 2
         All tasks in the array have the same option parameters.
         Each element of the array is distinguished by its array
         index.
.sp 2
\fB-j "\fIstarter\fB [\fIstarter\fB] [\(aq%USRCMD\(aq]
[\fIstarter\fB]"\fR
.br
         Task job starter. Creates a specific environment for
         submitted tasks before execution.
.sp 2
         The job starter is any executable file that can be used
         to start the task (that is, it can accept the task as an
         input argument). Optionally, more strings can be
         specified.
.sp 2
         By default, the user commands run after the job starter.
         A special string, \fR%USRCMD\fR, can be used to
         represent the position of the user\(aqs task in the job
         starter command line. The \fR%USRCMD\fR string can be
         followed by more commands.
.sp 2
\fB-o \fIoutput_file\fB \fR
.br
         Specify a file path. Appends the standard output of the
         task to the specified file. The default is to output to
         the same stdout as the ssched command.
.sp 2
         If only a file name is specified, LSF writes the output
         file to the current working directory. If the current
         working directory is not accessible on the execution
         host after the task starts, LSF writes the standard
         output file to /tmp/.
.sp 2
         If the parameter \fBLSB_STDOUT_DIRECT\fR in the lsf.conf
         file is set to \fRY\fR or \fRy\fR, the standard output
         of a task is written to the file you specify as the task
         runs. If the \fBLSB_STDOUT_DIRECT\fR parameter is not
         set, standard output is written to a temporary file and
         copied to the specified file after the task finishes.
.sp 2
         You can use the special characters \fR%J\fR, \fR%I\fR,
         \fR%T\fR, and \fR%X\fR in the name of the output file.
.sp 2
         \fB\fR%J\fB\fR
.br
                  Replaced by the job ID.
.sp 2
         \fB\fR%I\fB\fR
.br
                  Replaced by the job array index.
.sp 2
         \fB\fR%T\fB\fR
.br
                  Replaced with the task ID.
.sp 2
         \fB\fR%X\fB\fR
.br
                  Replaced by the task array index.
.sp 2
         \fBNote: \fRThe file path can contain up to 4094
         characters, including the directory, file name, and
         expanded values for \fR%J\fR, \fR%I\fR, \fR%T\fR, and
         \fR%X\fR.
.sp 2
\fB-M \fImem_limit\fB \fR
.br
         Sets a per-process (soft) memory limit for all the
         processes that belong to the task.
.sp 2
         By default, the limit is specified in KB. Use the
         \fBLSF_UNIT_FOR_LIMITS\fR parameter in the lsf.conf file
         to specify a larger unit for the limit (MB, GB, TB, PB,
         or EB).
.sp 2
         Set a task level memory limit only if it less than the
         job limit.
.sp 2
\fB-Q "\fIexit_code\fB ..."\fR
.br
         Task requeue exit values. Enables automatic task requeue
         and sets the \fBLSB_EXIT_REQUEUE\fR environment
         variable. Use spaces to separate multiple exit codes.
         The output from the failed run is not saved, and the
         user is not notified by LSF.
.sp 2
\fB-W [\fIminutes\fB:]\fIseconds\fB \fR
.br
         Sets the runtime limit of the task. If a task runs
         longer than the specified run limit, the task is sent a
         \fRSIGKILL\fR signal.
.sp 2
         The run limit is in the form
         \fR[\fIminutes\fR:]\fIseconds\fR\fR. The seconds can be
         specified as a number greater than 59. For example,
         three and a half minutes can either be specified as
         \fR3:30\fR, or \fR210\fR. The run limit you specify is
         the absolute run time.
.sp 2
\fB-tasks \fItask_definition_file\fB\fR
.br
         Specify tasks through a task definition file.
.sp 2
\fB\fIcommand\fB [\fIargument\fB] \fR
.br
         The command can be anything that is provided to a UNIX
         Bourne shell. The command is assumed to begin with the
         first word that is not part of an option. All arguments
         that follow command are provided as the arguments to the
         command.
.sp 2
         The job command can be up to 4094 characters long.
.sp 2
\fB-h\fR
.br
         Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
\fB-V\fR
.br
         Prints LSF session scheduler release version to stderr
         and exits.
.SH See also

.sp 2
ssacct, lsb.params