
.ad l

.TH taskman 1 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBtaskman\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Checks out a license token and manages interactive UNIX
applications.
.sp 2

.SH Synopsis

.sp 2
\fBtaskman \fR\fB-R\fR \fB“rusage\fR[token=number
[\fB:duration=\fRminutes | hours \fBh\fR]
[\fB:\fRtoken\fB=\fRnumber[\fB:duration=\fRminutes | hours
\fBh\fR] [\fB||\fR token\fB=\fRnumber[\fB:duration=\fRminutes |
hours \fBh\fR] \fB[:\fRtoken\fB=\fRnumber
\fB[:duration\fR=minutes | hours \fBh]]\fR ...] [\fB-Lp\fR
project] [\fB-N\fR n_retries] [\fB-v\fR] command
.sp 2
\fBtaskman\fR [\fB-h\fR | \fB-V\fR]
.SH Description

.sp 2
Runs the interactive UNIX application on behalf of the user. When
it starts, the task manager connects to LSF License Scheduler to
request the application license tokens. When all the requested
licenses are available, the task manager starts the application.
While the application is running, the task manager monitors
resource usage, CPU, and memory, and reports the usage to LSF
License Scheduler. When the application ends, the task manager
exits.
.sp 2
By default, a license is reserved for the duration of the task,
so the application can check out the license at any time. Use the
\fRduration\fR keyword to reallocate unused licenses if the
application fails to check out the license before the reservation
expires.
.sp 2
By default, the taskman command does not detect or use batch
resources. To allow the taskman command to detect batch
resources, set \fBENABLE_INTERACTIVE=y\fR parameter in the
lsf.licensescheduler file.
.SH Options

.sp 2
\fB\fIcommand\fB\fR
.br
         Required. The command to start the job that requires the
         license.
.sp 2
\fB-v\fR
.br
         Verbose mode. Displays detailed messages about the
         status of configuration files.
.sp 2
\fB-N \fIn_retries\fB\fR
.br
         Specifies the maximum number of retry attempts that the
         taskman command makes to connect to the daemon. If this
         option is not specified, the taskman command retries
         indefinitely.
.sp 2
\fB-Lp \fIproject\fB\fR
.br
         Optional. Specifies the interactive license project that
         is requesting tokens. The client must be known to LSF
         License Scheduler.
.sp 2
         License project limits do not apply to the taskman
         command jobs even with -Lp specified.
.sp 2
\fB-R rusage[\fItoken\fB=\fInumber\fB [:duration=\fIminutes\fB |
\fIhours\fB h] [:\fItoken\fB=\fInumber\fB
[:\fIduration=minutes\fB | \fIhours\fB h][||
\fItoken\fB=\fInumber\fB [:\fIduration=minutes\fB | \fIhours\fB
h] [:\fItoken\fB=\fInumber\fB [:\fIduration=minutes\fB |
\fIhours\fB h]]] ...]\fR
.br
         Required. Specifies the type and number of license
         tokens to request from LSF License Scheduler.
         Optionally, specifies a time limit for the license
         reservation, expressed as an integer (the keyword h
         following the number indicates hours instead of
         minutes). You can specify multiple license types, with
         different duration values. Separate each requirement
         with a colon (\fR:\fR) as a logical AND operator, and a
         double-pipe (\fR||\fR) as a logical OR operator. Enclose
         the entire list in one set of square brackets.
.sp 2
         \fBNote: \fRIf you specify alternative or compound
         resource requirements, the taskman command accepts only
         the first resource requirement string and ignores the
         other resource requirement strings.
.sp 2
         For example,
.sp 2
         \fBAlternative resource requirement\fR
.br
                  \fRtaskman -R "{rusage[f2=2]}||{rusage[f2=1]}"
                  myjob\fR
.sp 2
         \fBCompound resource requirement\fR
.br
                  \fRtaskman -R "{rusage[f2=2]}+{rusage[f2=1]}"
                  myjob\fR
.sp 2
         In both cases, the taskman command accepts only the
         \fRrusage[f2=2]\fR string.
.sp 2
\fB-h\fR
.br
         Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
\fB-V\fR
.br
         Prints the LSF License Scheduler release version to
         stderr and exits.