
.ad l

.TH tssub 1 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBtssub\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Submits a Terminal Services job to LSF.
.sp 2

.SH Synopsis

.sp 2
\fBtssub\fR [bsub_options] command [arguments]
.sp 2
\fBtssub\fR [\fB-h\fR | \fB-V\fR]
.SH Description

.sp 2
Submits a Terminal Services job for batch execution and assigns
it a unique numerical job ID.
.sp 2
The tssub command is a wrapper around the bsub command that
submits jobs only to hosts that have Microsoft Terminal Services
installed. For bsub command options, see the bsub command.
.sp 2
You submit Terminal Services job with the tssub command instead
of the bsub command. If the terminal window is closed, the job
remains running. You can reconnect to view the job with the
tspeek command.
.sp 2
The tssub command is supported on Windows and Linux. You cannot
use the tssub command to submit Terminal Services jobs from UNIX.
.sp 2
If the job is dispatched to a host in which Terminal Services is
not installed or properly configured, the job is set to the
\fRPEND\fR state. A pending reason is written to the
sbatchd.log.\fIhost_name\fR file.
.sp 2
If the tssub -I command is specified, a terminal display is
visible on the submission host after the job starts.
.sp 2
If the job is not a GUI job, LSF runs a command window and output
is displayed in the command window when something is written to
stdout.
.sp 2
Pre- and post-execution commands are run within the terminal
session. The job does not complete until post-execution commands
complete.
.sp 2
If you use the bjobs -l command to monitor the job, you see the
following message:
.sp 2
"External Message 2 was posted from LSF\lsfadmin to message box 2"
.sp 2
The body of the message contains the ID of the terminal session
that was created.
.sp 2
Use the tspeek command to view job output.
.sp 2
The tssub command sets the \fBLSB_TSJOB\fR and
\fBLSF_LOGON_DESKTOP\fR environment variables. These variables
are then transferred to the execution host:
.sp 2
\fBLSF_LOGON_DESKTOP\fR
.br
         When \fBLSF_LOGON_DESKTOP=1\fR, jobs run in interactive
         foreground sessions, and GUIs are displayed on the
         execution host. If this parameter is not defined, jobs
         run in the background.
.sp 2
\fBLSB_TSJOB\fR
.br
         When the \fBLSB_TSJOB\fR variable is defined to any
         value, it indicates to LSF that the job is a Terminal
         Services job.
.SH Limitations

.sp 2
*  You cannot use the bmod command to modify a job that is
   submitted as a Terminal Services job to become a non-Terminal
   Services job.
.sp 2
*  The \fRbsub -o \fIout_file\fR\fR option is not supported for
   the tssub command.
.sp 2
*  Only Windows bsub command options are supported for the tssub
   command. For example, you cannot use the bsub options -Ip,
   -Is, -L \fIlogin_shell\fR with the tssub command.
.sp 2
*  Interactive bsub options (-I, -Ip, -Is) are not supported by
   the tssub command on Linux.
.sp 2
*  If user mapping is defined, the user who runs the tspeek
   command must have the required privileges to access the
   session.
.sp 2
*  LSF multicluster capability is not supported.
.SH Options

.sp 2
\fB\fIbsub_options\fB\fR
.br
         Only Windows bsub options are supported for the tssub
         command. For example, you cannot use the bsub options
         -Ip, -Is, -L \fIlogin_shell\fR with the tssub command.
.sp 2
         For bsub options, see the bsub command.
.sp 2
\fB\fIcommand\fB [\fIargument\fB]\fR
.br
         The job can be specified by a command line, or through
         the standard input if the command is not present on the
         command line. The \fI command\fR is assumed to begin
         with the first word that is not part of a tssub option.
         All arguments that follow \fIcommand\fR are provided as
         the arguments to the \fIcommand\fR.
.sp 2
         The job command can be up to 4094 characters long for
         UNIX and Linux or up to 255 characters for Windows. If
         no job name is specified with the -J option, the bjobs,
         bhist, and bacct commands display the command as the job
         name.
.sp 2
         The commands are run in the order in which they are
         given.
.sp 2
\fB-h \fR
.br
         Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
\fB-V \fR
.br
         Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.SH See also

.sp 2
bsub, tspeek