.TH "AllocatorFn" 3 "10 Jun 2021" "Version 10.1" "IBM Spectrum LSF 10.1 C API Reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
AllocatorFn \- AllocatorFn 
Signature for functions that adjusts allocation decisions for jobs.
.PP
Use these functions to adjust allocations made by internal scheduling functions.
.PP
Note that these functions will only be called for jobs that have some potentially usable candidate hosts. These functions may not be called for certain jobs if
.IP "\(bu" 2
all candidate hosts have been previously determined to not satify resource requirements of the peer jobs.
.IP "\(bu" 2
the decision, SCH_MOD_DECISION_PENDPEERJOBS, has been given for a peer job to this job.
.PP
.PP
\fB#include <lssched.h>\fP
.PP
\fB typedef int (*AllocatorFn)(INT_JobBlock *jobBlock, INT_CandGroupList *groupList, INT_Reason *reasonPtr, INT_Alloc **alloc)\fP
.PP
.SH "Parameters:"
\fIjob\fP [IN] : Internal job object. Make allocation decision for this job. 
.br
\fIgroupList\fP [IN/OUT] : List of candidate host groups usable for the job. 
.br
\fIreasonPtr\fP [IN/OUT] : Internal object to collect pending reasons for the job. 
.br
\fIalloc\fP [IN/OUT] : Internal object representing resources allocated to the job.
.PP
.SH "Returns:"
int:SCH_MOD_DECISION_NONE  function does not care to alter the decision for this job. 
.PP
int:SCH_MOD_DECISION_DISPATCH 
.br
 Decide to dispatch the job with the given allocation in alloc. 
.PP
int:SCH_MOD_DECISION_RESERVE  to reserve resources for the job with the given reservation in alloc. 
.PP
int:SCH_MOD_DECISION_PENDPEERJOBS  to keep this job pending, along with all its peer jobs. 
.PP
int:SCH_MOD_DECISION_PENDJOB  to keep this job only pending. Peer jobs will be scheduled separately.
.PP
.SH "See also:"
\fBextsched_alloc_registerallocator\fP 
.PP
\fBextsched_cand_getnextgroup\fP 
.PP
\fBextsched_alloc_modify\fP 
.PP
\fBextsched_alloc_gethostslot\fP 
.PP
\fBextsched_job_getaskedslot\fP 
.PP
\fBextsched_job_getextresreq\fP 
.PP
\fBextsched_job_getrsrcreqobject\fP 
.PP
\fBextsched_resreq_setobject\fP 
.PP

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for IBM Spectrum LSF 10.1 C API Reference from the source code.
