.TH "dm_cache" 3 "10 Jun 2021" "Version 10.1" "IBM Spectrum LSF 10.1 C API Reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
dm_cache \- dm_cache 
This function is used for querying the DM for files or jobs information in the staging area.
.PP
\fB#include <lsf/dm.def.h>
.br
 include <lsf/dm.api.h>\fP
.PP
\fB struct dmCacheResult* dm_cache(struct \fBdmCacheRequest\fP *cacheQuery, struct \fBremoteDMs\fP *remoteDMD)\fP
.PP
.SH "Parameters:"
\fI*cacheQuery\fP cache query request structure
.br
\fI*remoteDMD\fP The remote DMD to query, NULL for local.
.PP
.SH "Data Structures:" 
.PP
\fBstruct\fP \fBdmCacheResult\fP 
.br
\fBstruct\fP \fBdmCacheRequest\fP 
.br
\fBstruct\fP \fBremoteDMs\fP
.PP
.SH "Returns:"
struct \fBdmCacheResult\fP *:A dynamically allocated \fBdmCacheResult\fP structure that contains the query results. The caller is responsible for freeing all sub-structures and string buffers in the structure as well as the structure itself. 
.br
 Function was successful.
.PP
NULL 
.br
 Function failed.
.PP
.SH "Errors:" 
.PP
If the function fails, daserrno is set to indicate the error. 
.PP

.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
dmCacheResult \- used by dm_cache() API to return results  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBmode\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBoptions\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBstageAreaHost\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumEntries\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBdmFileInfo\fP * \fBfiles\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBdmJobInfo\fP * \fBjobs\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
used by dm_cache() API to return results 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int \fBdmCacheResult::mode\fP"
.PP
File or job info. 
.PP
.SS "int \fBdmCacheResult::options\fP"
.PP
options field 
.PP
.SS "char* \fBdmCacheResult::stageAreaHost\fP"
.PP
The staging area host. 
.PP
.SS "int \fBdmCacheResult::numEntries\fP"
.PP
Number of entries in the result. 
.PP

.SS "struct \fBdmFileInfo\fP* \fBdmCacheResult::files\fP"
.PP
Array of matching cached files. 
.PP

.SS "struct \fBdmJobInfo\fP* \fBdmCacheResult::jobs\fP"
.PP
Array of matching jobs. 
.PP


.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
dmCacheRequest \- used by dm_cache() API to specify a request  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBusername\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "enum dmCacheQueryMode \fBmode\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBdmCacheFileQuery\fP * \fBfile\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBdmCacheJobQuery\fP * \fBjob\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBuserGroup\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
used by dm_cache() API to specify a request 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "char* \fBdmCacheRequest::username\fP"
.PP
The user name. 
.PP

.SS "enum dmCacheQueryMode \fBdmCacheRequest::mode\fP"
.PP
Cache query mode. 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBdmCacheFileQuery\fP* \fBdmCacheRequest::file\fP"
.PP
Cache file query. 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBdmCacheJobQuery\fP* \fBdmCacheRequest::job\fP"
.PP
Cache job query. 
.PP
.SS "char* \fBdmCacheRequest::userGroup\fP"
.PP
User group name. 
.PP


.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
remoteDMs \- used by dm_cache(), dm_list_tags(), dm_delete_tag(), dm_chgrp(), dm_chmod(), getRegisteredDmdCluster() APIs  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBclustername\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBservers\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBport\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
used by dm_cache(), dm_list_tags(), dm_delete_tag(), dm_chgrp(), dm_chmod(), getRegisteredDmdCluster() APIs 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "char* \fBremoteDMs::clustername\fP"
.PP
lsf cluster name 
.PP
.SS "char* \fBremoteDMs::servers\fP"
.PP
space separated list of host names where dmd runs 
.PP
.SS "int \fBremoteDMs::port\fP"
.PP
port dmd is listening on 
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for IBM Spectrum LSF 10.1 C API Reference from the source code.
