.TH "dm_chgrp" 3 "10 Jun 2021" "Version 10.1" "IBM Spectrum LSF 10.1 C API Reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
dm_chgrp \- dm_chgrp 
This function is used to change the group of file or tag in the DM's staging area to 'groupName'.
.PP
If tagName is set, hostFile must be NULL, or if hostFile is set, tagName must be NULL. If CACHE_ACCESS_CONTROL=Y is not configured, this function fails.
.PP
\fB#include <lsf/dm.def.h>
.br
 include <lsf/dm.api.h>\fP
.PP
\fB int dm_chgrp(char *groupName, char *tagName, char *hostFile, struct \fBremoteDMs\fP *remoteDMD, int options, struct \fBdmChPartialSuccess\fP *out)\fP
.PP
.SH "Parameters:"
\fI*groupName\fP The group name, must be specified.
.br
\fI*tagName\fP The tag name.
.br
\fI*hostFile\fP Specified data requirement. The format is 'hostname:/full/file/path'.
.br
\fIoptions\fP Currently not used; set to 0.
.br
\fI*out\fP Populated if it was a partial success, can set to NULL if this does not matter.
.PP
.SH "Data Structures:" 
.PP
\fBstruct\fP \fBdmChPartialSuccess\fP 
.br
\fBstruct\fP \fBremoteDMs\fP
.PP
.SH "Returns:"
DAS_NO_ERROR 
.br
 Function was successful.
.PP
-1 
.br
 Function failed.
.PP
.SH "Errors:" 
.PP
If the function fails, daserrno is set to indicate the error. If daserrno is DAS_CHGRP_PARTIAL the 'out' object, if provided, is set. 
.PP

.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
dmChPartialSuccess \- used by dm_chgrp(), dm_chmod() APIs  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnSuccess\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnTotal\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
used by dm_chgrp(), dm_chmod() APIs 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int \fBdmChPartialSuccess::nSuccess\fP"
.PP
Number of successful chgrp or chmod operations. 
.PP

.SS "int \fBdmChPartialSuccess::nTotal\fP"
.PP
Total number of attempted chgrp or chmod operations. 
.PP


.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
remoteDMs \- used by dm_cache(), dm_list_tags(), dm_delete_tag(), dm_chgrp(), dm_chmod(), getRegisteredDmdCluster() APIs  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBclustername\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBservers\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBport\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
used by dm_cache(), dm_list_tags(), dm_delete_tag(), dm_chgrp(), dm_chmod(), getRegisteredDmdCluster() APIs 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "char* \fBremoteDMs::clustername\fP"
.PP
lsf cluster name 
.PP
.SS "char* \fBremoteDMs::servers\fP"
.PP
space separated list of host names where dmd runs 
.PP
.SS "int \fBremoteDMs::port\fP"
.PP
port dmd is listening on 
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for IBM Spectrum LSF 10.1 C API Reference from the source code.
