.TH "dm_clusters" 3 "10 Jun 2021" "Version 10.1" "IBM Spectrum LSF 10.1 C API Reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
dm_clusters \- dm_clusters 
Use this function to query the DM about its connections.
.PP
Obtains information about connected mbatchd daemons, with master DM host names, their status, and the outgoing and incoming connections for remote DMs.
.PP
\fB#include <lsf/dm.def.h>
.br
 include <lsf/dm.api.h>\fP
.PP
\fB struct \fBqueryClustersReply\fP *dm_clusters(void)\fP
.PP
.SH "Parameters:" 
.PP
none 
.br
.PP
.SH "Data Structures:" 
.PP
\fBstruct\fP \fBqueryClustersReply\fP
.PP
.SH "Returns:"
struct \fBqueryClustersReply\fP *:A dynamically allocated \fBqueryClustersReply\fP structure containing the clusters information from queried dmd. The caller is responsible for freeing all sub-structures and string buffers in the structure as well as the structure itself. 
.br
 Function was successful.
.PP
NULL 
.br
 Function failed.
.PP
.SH "Errors:" 
.PP
If the function fails, daserrno is set to indicate the error. 
.PP

.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
queryClustersReply \- used by dm_clusters() API  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumClusters\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBremoteNumClusters\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBdmdRegisteredCluster\fP * \fBclustersInfo\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBdmdRegisteredRemoteCluster\fP * \fBremoteClustersInfo\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
used by dm_clusters() API 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int \fBqueryClustersReply::numClusters\fP"
.PP
number of local clusters 
.PP
.SS "int \fBqueryClustersReply::remoteNumClusters\fP"
.PP
number of remote clusters 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBdmdRegisteredCluster\fP* \fBqueryClustersReply::clustersInfo\fP"
.PP
local cluster information 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBdmdRegisteredRemoteCluster\fP* \fBqueryClustersReply::remoteClustersInfo\fP"
.PP
remote cluster information 
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for IBM Spectrum LSF 10.1 C API Reference from the source code.
