.TH "dm_delete_tag" 3 "10 Jun 2021" "Version 10.1" "IBM Spectrum LSF 10.1 C API Reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
dm_delete_tag \- dm_delete_tag 
Use this function to delete a tag in the DM's staging area.
.PP
The tag directory and all the contents inside it are deleted. If the 'user' argument is NULL, DMD tries to delete only those tags that belong to the calling user. If not NULL, deletes tags of the specified user. This option can be specified only by DM administrators.
.PP
\fB#include <lsf/dm.def.h>
.br
 include <lsf/dm.api.h>\fP
.PP
\fB int dm_delete_tag(char *tagName, char *user, struct \fBremoteDMs\fP *remoteDMD)\fP
.PP
.SH "Parameters:"
\fI*tagName\fP The tag name, this must be specified.
.br
\fI*user\fP The user name, this is optional.
.br
\fI*remoteDMD\fP The remote cluster, this is optional.
.PP
.SH "Data Structures:" 
.PP
\fBstruct\fP \fBremoteDMs\fP
.PP
.SH "Returns:"
DAS_NO_ERROR 
.br
 Function was successful.
.PP
-1 
.br
 Function failed.
.PP
.SH "Errors:" 
.PP
If the function fails, daserrno is set to indicate the error. 
.PP

.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
remoteDMs \- used by dm_cache(), dm_list_tags(), dm_delete_tag(), dm_chgrp(), dm_chmod(), getRegisteredDmdCluster() APIs  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBclustername\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBservers\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBport\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
used by dm_cache(), dm_list_tags(), dm_delete_tag(), dm_chgrp(), dm_chmod(), getRegisteredDmdCluster() APIs 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "char* \fBremoteDMs::clustername\fP"
.PP
lsf cluster name 
.PP
.SS "char* \fBremoteDMs::servers\fP"
.PP
space separated list of host names where dmd runs 
.PP
.SS "int \fBremoteDMs::port\fP"
.PP
port dmd is listening on 
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for IBM Spectrum LSF 10.1 C API Reference from the source code.
