.TH "extsched_modifyJob" 3 "10 Jun 2021" "Version 10.1" "IBM Spectrum LSF 10.1 C API Reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
extsched_modifyJob \- extsched_modifyJob 
Routine allowing an external scheduling plugin to request a modification of a job's resource requirement expression, i.e.
.PP
the bsub -R string (job level rsscreq). Use with caution.
.PP
Modification is not done immediately when this function is called. Instead, modification requests are stored in the mbschd memory, and published at the end of a scheduling session to mbatchd.
.PP
It is possible that a modification request will fail if the request violates mbatchd job modification policies.
.PP
If the modification succeeds, it will take effect prior to the next scheduling session.
.PP
If the modification fails, mbatchd will log a message at the LOG_WARNING level.
.PP
It is possible that the ‘job’ pointer may represent more than one element from the same job array. When this occurs only the first element is acted upon by the mbatchd.
.PP
\fB#include <lssched.h>\fP
.PP
\fB int extsched_modifyJob(INT_Job *job, char *rsrcReq)\fP
.PP
.SH "Parameters:"
\fIjob\fP [IN] : internal representation of a job 
.br
\fIrsrcReq\fP [IN] : a resource requirement expression
.PP
.SH "Returns:"
int:0 . 
.PP
int:-1 .
.PP
.SH "See also:"
\fBextsched_resetJob\fP 
.PP
\fBextsched_getSchedJobModError\fP 
.PP

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for IBM Spectrum LSF 10.1 C API Reference from the source code.
