.TH "extsched_addAllocLimit" 3 "10 Jun 2021" "Version 10.1" "IBM Spectrum LSF 10.1 C API Reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
extsched_addAllocLimit \- extsched_addAllocLimit 
To be called from within a registered checkAllocFn, in order to block a job from using the allocation.
.PP
The function adds a limit to allocLimitList.
.PP
Setting the host parameter to a particular host means that the job is forbidden to dispatch on the particular host. Setting it to NULL means that the limit applies across all hosts.
.PP
availSlots is the number of slots available. The job is limited to this number of slots. Set to 0 to prevent the job from dispatching on the host.
.PP
reason is the pending reason ID that will be reported by bjobs.
.PP
handler is the ID for this plugin handler.
.PP
If bucketReason is FALSE (=0), then the limit applies only to this job. Setting this TRUE (=1) means that the limit applies to all jobs in the same bucket (i.e. with the same scheduling attributes and resource requirements).
.PP
bucketReason should be set TRUE whenever possible, to help with scheduling performance.
.PP
\fB#include <lssched.h>\fP
.PP
\fB int extsched_addAllocLimit(INT_AllocLimitList *allocLimitList, INT_Alloc *alloc, char *host, int maxTasks, int reasonId, char *reasonDetail, int handlerId, int bucketReason)\fP
.PP
.SH "Parameters:"
\fIallocLimitList\fP [IN/OUT] : allocation limit list 
.br
\fIalloc\fP [IN] : an allocation 
.br
\fIhost\fP [IN] : a host in the alloc 
.br
\fImaxTasks\fP [IN] : number of tasks allowed 
.br
\fIreason\fP [IN] : pending reason ID 
.br
\fIhandlerId\fP [IN] : plugin handler ID 
.br
\fIbucketReason\fP [IN] : apply to all jobs in bucket
.PP
.SH "Returns:"
int:0 . 
.PP
int:-1 . 
.PP

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for IBM Spectrum LSF 10.1 C API Reference from the source code.
