.TH "extsched_alloc_modify" 3 "10 Jun 2021" "Version 10.1" "IBM Spectrum LSF 10.1 C API Reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
extsched_alloc_modify \- extsched_alloc_modify 
Adjust the number of slots allocated to a job on a candidate host, if possible.
.PP
Reduce or increaese the number of slots allocated to a job on a host. If increasing, this function will check that other scheduling policies are not violated by the new allocation.
.PP
Use this function from with an allocator function.
.PP
The nslotAlloc field of host parameter must be greater than 1 (that is, hosts cannot be removed from an allocation).
.PP
\fB#include <lssched.h>\fP
.PP
\fB int extsched_alloc_modify(INT_JobBlock *jobptr, INT_Alloc **alloc, struct hostSlot *host, INT_Reason *reason, struct candHostGroup *group)\fP
.PP
.SH "Parameters:"
\fIjobptr\fP [IN] : jobblock pointer passed into allocator function, this is not an INT_Job pointer. 
.br
\fIalloc\fP [IN/OUT] : Internal allocation object. 
.br
\fIhost\fP [IN] : The host to be modified. nslotAlloc field in hostSlot indicates how many slots need to be allocated on the host. 
.br
\fIreason\fP [IN] : Internal reason object. 
.br
\fIgroup\fP [IN] : which candidate host group is used in the allocation.
.PP
RETURNS
.PP
TRUE if FALSE if
.PP
.SH "Returns:"
int:TRUE  was successfuly adjusted. 
.PP
int:FALSE  failed (due to conflict with other scheduling policies). 
.PP

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for IBM Spectrum LSF 10.1 C API Reference from the source code.
