.TH "extsched_resreq_setobject" 3 "10 Jun 2021" "Version 10.1" "IBM Spectrum LSF 10.1 C API Reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
extsched_resreq_setobject \- extsched_resreq_setobject 
Attach handler-specific data to a set of peer jobs.
.PP
Jobs are classified as peer jobs when they have the same handler-specific data attached (as indicated by a unique string representation). Peer jobs are scheduled together.
.PP
\fB#include <lssched.h>\fP
.PP
\fB void extsched_resreq_setobject(INT_RsrcReq *resreq, int handlerId, char *key, void *handlerData)\fP
.PP
.SH "Parameters:"
\fIresreq\fP [IN] : Internal object representing resource requirements of peer jobs. 
.br
\fIhandlerId\fP [IN] : identifier for the handler. 
.br
\fIkey\fP [IN] : the unique string representing the handler-specific data. 
.br
\fIhandlerData\fP [IN] : handler-specific data to be attached to the peer jobs.
.PP
.SH "Returns:"
void  is no return value.
.PP
PRECONDITIONS
.PP
1. The handlerId must be an ID previously registered with extsched_resreq_registerhandler.
.PP
2. Peer jobs are scheduled together, so handlerData attached with the same key must GUARANTEE to produce the same list of candidate hosts for all peer jobs.
.PP
3. The key will be copied.
.PP
4. The handlerData should not be freed until framework calls the freeFn of the registered handler type.
.PP
.SH "See also:"
\fBextsched_resreq_registerhandler\fP 
.PP
\fBRsrcReqHandler_NewFn\fP 
.PP
\fBRsrcReqHandler_FreeFn\fP 
.PP

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for IBM Spectrum LSF 10.1 C API Reference from the source code.
