.TH "lsb_globalFairshareLoad" 3 "10 Jun 2021" "Version 10.1" "IBM Spectrum LSF 10.1 C API Reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
lsb_globalFairshareLoad \- lsb_globalFairshareLoad 
Returns global fairshare load information about global fairshare policies.
.PP
\fB#include <lsf/lsbatch.h>\fP
.PP
\fB extern struct \fBglobalFairshareLoadEnt\fP * lsb_globalFairshareLoad(char **policyNames, int *numPolicyNames, char *clusterName);\fP
.PP
.SH "Parameters:"
\fIpolicyNames\fP [IN] Array of global fairshare policy names. 
.br
\fInumPolicyNames\fP [IN/OUT] For input, specify the size of the array of global fairshare policy names. Specify 0 to get all global fairshare policies. When the function succeeds, *numPolicyNames will be the number of struct \fBglobalFairshareLoadEnt\fP returned by this function. When the function fails and lsberrno is LSBE_BAD_GLOBAL_FAIRSHARE_NAME, *numPolicyNames indicates the index of the bad global fairshare policy name in array policyNames. 
.br
\fIclusterName\fP [IN] The name of the cluster whose global fairshare load will be got. Specify NULL to get global fairshare load for all clusters.
.PP
.SH "Data Structures:" 
.PP
\fBshareLoadInfo\fP 
.br
\fBparticipantShareLoad\fP 
.br
\fBglobalShareAcctEnt\fP 
.br
\fBglobalFairshareLoadEnt\fP
.PP
.SH "Returns:"
struct \fBglobalFairshareLoadEnt\fP *: 
.br
 On success, returns an array of struct \fBglobalFairshareLoadEnt\fP. The size of the array is *numPolicyNames. 
.PP
NULL: 
.br
 Function failed.
.PP
.SH "Equivalent line commands:" 
.PP
bgpinfo 
.PP

.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
shareLoadInfo \- Fairshare share load information.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBrunTime\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBhistRunTime\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumStartJobs\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumReserveJobs\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "float \fBhistCpuTime\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "float \fBshareAdjustment\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Fairshare share load information. 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int \fBshareLoadInfo::runTime\fP"
.PP
run time 
.PP
.SS "int \fBshareLoadInfo::histRunTime\fP"
.PP
historical run time 
.PP
.SS "int \fBshareLoadInfo::numStartJobs\fP"
.PP
number of started jobs 
.PP
.SS "int \fBshareLoadInfo::numReserveJobs\fP"
.PP
number of reserved jobs 
.PP
.SS "float \fBshareLoadInfo::histCpuTime\fP"
.PP
historical cpu time 
.PP
.SS "float \fBshareLoadInfo::shareAdjustment\fP"
.PP
fairshare share adjustment 
.PP


.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
participantShareLoad \- Load information for a global fairshare participant.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBparticipant\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBshareLoadInfo\fP \fBload\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Load information for a global fairshare participant. 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "char* \fBparticipantShareLoad::participant\fP"
.PP
the name of the participant 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBshareLoadInfo\fP \fBparticipantShareLoad::load\fP"
.PP
fairshare load of the participant 
.PP


.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
globalShareAcctEnt \- Global fairshare account information.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBpath\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBshareLoadInfo\fP \fBsumLoad\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumParticipantLoads\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBparticipantShareLoad\fP * \fBparticipantLoads\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Global fairshare account information. 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "char* \fBglobalShareAcctEnt::path\fP"
.PP
Share Attributable Account Path (SAAP). 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBshareLoadInfo\fP \fBglobalShareAcctEnt::sumLoad\fP"
.PP
A sum fairshare load from all participants. 
.PP

.SS "int \fBglobalShareAcctEnt::numParticipantLoads\fP"
.PP
The number of entries in participantLoads. 
.PP

.SS "struct \fBparticipantShareLoad\fP* \fBglobalShareAcctEnt::participantLoads\fP"
.PP
An array of participant load. 
.PP


.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
globalFairshareLoadEnt \- Global fairshare load informaion of a global fairshare policy.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBpolicyName\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBfairshareLoadEntError\fP \fBerror\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumShareAcctEnts\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBglobalShareAcctEnt\fP * \fBshareAcctEnts\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Global fairshare load informaion of a global fairshare policy. 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "char* \fBglobalFairshareLoadEnt::policyName\fP"
.PP
policy name 
.PP
.SS "\fBfairshareLoadEntError\fP \fBglobalFairshareLoadEnt::error\fP"
.PP
error flags 
.PP
.SS "int \fBglobalFairshareLoadEnt::numShareAcctEnts\fP"
.PP
number of entries in array shareAcctEnts 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBglobalShareAcctEnt\fP* \fBglobalFairshareLoadEnt::shareAcctEnts\fP"
.PP
an array of struct \fBglobalShareAcctEnt\fP 
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for IBM Spectrum LSF 10.1 C API Reference from the source code.
