.TH "lsb_signaljob_ex" 3 "10 Jun 2021" "Version 10.1" "IBM Spectrum LSF 10.1 C API Reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
lsb_signaljob_ex \- lsb_signaljob_ex 
Sends a signal to a job.
.PP
Generally, use \fBlsb_signaljob_ex\fP to apply any UNIX signal to a job or process.
.PP
Any program using this API must be setuid to root if LSF_AUTH is not defined in the lsf.conf file.
.PP
\fB#include <lsf/lsbatch.h>\fP
.PP
\fB int lsb_signaljob_ex (LS_LONG_INT jobId, int sigValue, struct \fBsignalExt\fP *)\fP
.PP
.SH "Parameters:"
\fIjobId\fP The job to be signaled. If a job in a job array is to be signaled, use the array form jobID[ i ] where jobID is the job array name, and i is the index value. 
.br
\fIsigValue\fP SIGSTOP, SIGCONT, SIGKILL or some other UNIX signal. 
.br
\fI*sigExt\fP The external information.
.PP
.SH "Data Structures:" 
.PP
\fBsignalExt\fP
.PP
.SH "Define Statements:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Returns:"
int:0 
.br
 The function was successful. 
.PP
int:-1 
.br
 The function failed.
.PP
.SH "Errors:" 
.PP
If the function fails, lsberrno is set to indicate the error.
.PP
.SH "Equivalent line commands:" 
.PP
bkill 
.br
.PP
.SH "Files:" 
.PP
${LSF_ENVDIR:-/etc}/lsf.conf
.PP
.SH "See also:"
\fBlsb_signaljob\fP 
.PP

.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
signalExt \- Exteral job signal information.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBreason\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Exteral job signal information. 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "char* \fBsignalExt::reason\fP"
.PP
Job kill/stop/resume reason. 
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for IBM Spectrum LSF 10.1 C API Reference from the source code.
