.TH "lsb_globalLimitInfo" 3 "10 Jun 2021" "Version 10.1" "IBM Spectrum LSF 10.1 C API Reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
lsb_globalLimitInfo \- lsb_globalLimitInfo 
Gets the global resource allocation limit configuration and dynamic usage information among clusters.
.PP
Displays each cluster's usage of the global resource allocation limits that are configured in the Limit sections in the lsb.globalpolicies file: 
.PD 0

.IP "\(bu" 2
Configured limit policy name 
.IP "\(bu" 2
USERS 
.IP "\(bu" 2
QUEUES 
.IP "\(bu" 2
PROJECTS 
.IP "\(bu" 2
LIC_PROJECTS 
.IP "\(bu" 2
APPS
.PP
\fB#include <lsf/lsbatch.h>\fP
.PP
\fB int lsb_globalLimitInfo( limitInfoReq *req, globalLimitInfoEnt **gLimitEntRef, int *size )\fP
.PP
.SH "Parameters:"
\fI*req\fP input, the user request for global limit information 
.br
\fI**gLimitEntRef\fP output, the global limit information array 
.br
\fI*size\fP output, the size of the global limit information array
.PP
.SH "Data Structures:" 
.PP
\fB_limitInfoReq\fP 
.br
\fB_globalLimitInfoEnt\fP 
.br
\fB_clsLimitInfoEnt\fP 
.br
\fB_limitConsumer\fP 
.br
\fB_limitInfoEnt\fP 
.br
\fB_limitItem\fP 
.br
\fB_limitResource\fP
.PP
.SH "Define Statements:" 
.PP
\fB_consumertype\fP
.PP
.SH "Returns:"
int: 0 
.br
 Function was successful.
.PP
int:-1 
.br
 Function failed.
.PP
.SH "Note:"
The caller must free up the memory used by gLimitEntRef.
.PP
.SH "Errors:" 
.PP
On failure, lsberrno is set to indicate the error.
.PP
.SH "Equivalent line command:" 
.PP
blimits -gl
.PP
\fBFiles\fP 
.PP
$LSB_CONFDIR/cluster_name/configdir/lsb.globalpolicies
.PP
.SH "See also:"
\fBlsb_freeGlobalLimitInfoEnt\fP 
.PP

.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
_limitInfoReq \- limit information request  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBname\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBconsumerC\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlimitConsumer\fP * \fBconsumerV\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBoptions\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
limit information request 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "char* \fB_limitInfoReq::name\fP"
.PP
Limit policy name given by the user. 
.PP

.SS "int \fB_limitInfoReq::consumerC\fP"
.PP
Number of consumers. 
.PP
.SS "\fBlimitConsumer\fP* \fB_limitInfoReq::consumerV\fP"
.PP
Consumer name, queue/host/user/project. 
.PP
.SS "int \fB_limitInfoReq::options\fP"
.PP
Options field used for blimits. 
.PP


.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
_globalLimitInfoEnt \- Global limit information entry.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBname\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlimitInfoEnt\fP \fBaccumInfoEnt\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBclsNum\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBclsLimitInfoEnt\fP * \fBclsEnts\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Global limit information entry. 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "char* \fB_globalLimitInfoEnt::name\fP"
.PP
The limit name. 
.PP
.SS "\fBlimitInfoEnt\fP \fB_globalLimitInfoEnt::accumInfoEnt\fP"
.PP
The accumulated usage of all clusters for this limit. 
.PP
.SS "int \fB_globalLimitInfoEnt::clsNum\fP"
.PP
The number of clusters. 
.PP
.SS "\fBclsLimitInfoEnt\fP* \fB_globalLimitInfoEnt::clsEnts\fP"
.PP
The limit usage entry array for each cluster. 
.PP


.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
_clsLimitInfoEnt \- Cluster limit information entry.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBclsName\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlimitInfoEnt\fP \fBent\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Cluster limit information entry. 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "char* \fB_clsLimitInfoEnt::clsName\fP"
.PP
The cluster name. 
.PP
.SS "\fBlimitInfoEnt\fP \fB_clsLimitInfoEnt::ent\fP"
.PP
The limit information entry for this cluster. 
.PP


.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
_limitConsumer \- limit consumer  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBconsumerType\fP \fBtype\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBname\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
limit consumer 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBconsumerType\fP \fB_limitConsumer::type\fP"
.PP
Consumer type ( _consumertype ):
.IP "\(bu" 2
Queues per-queue
.IP "\(bu" 2
Users and per-user
.IP "\(bu" 2
Hosts and per-host
.IP "\(bu" 2
Projects and per-project
.IP "\(bu" 2
License Projects and per-License Project. 
.PP

.PP
.SS "char* \fB_limitConsumer::name\fP"
.PP
Consumer name. 
.PP


.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
_limitInfoEnt \- limit information entry .  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBname\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlimitItem\fP \fBconfInfo\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBusageC\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlimitItem\fP * \fBusageInfo\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBineligible\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
limit information entry . 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "char* \fB_limitInfoEnt::name\fP"
.PP
Limit policy name given by the user. 
.PP
.SS "\fBlimitItem\fP \fB_limitInfoEnt::confInfo\fP"
.PP
Limit configuration. 
.PP
.SS "int \fB_limitInfoEnt::usageC\fP"
.PP
Size of limit dynamic usage info array. 
.PP
.SS "\fBlimitItem\fP* \fB_limitInfoEnt::usageInfo\fP"
.PP
Limit dynamic usage info array. 
.PP
.SS "char* \fB_limitInfoEnt::ineligible\fP"
.PP
The ineligible configuration. 
.PP


.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
_limitItem \- limit item.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBconsumerC\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlimitConsumer\fP * \fBconsumerV\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBresourceC\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlimitResource\fP * \fBresourceV\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
limit item. 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int \fB_limitItem::consumerC\fP"
.PP
Number of consumers. 
.PP
.SS "\fBlimitConsumer\fP* \fB_limitItem::consumerV\fP"
.PP
Consumers, such as queue, host, user or project. 
.PP
.SS "int \fB_limitItem::resourceC\fP"
.PP
Number of resources. 
.PP
.SS "\fBlimitResource\fP* \fB_limitItem::resourceV\fP"
.PP
Resources list. 
.PP


.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
_limitResource \- limit resource.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBname\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBtype\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "float \fBval\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
limit resource. 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "char* \fB_limitResource::name\fP"
.PP
Resource name. 
.PP
.SS "int \fB_limitResource::type\fP"
.PP
Resource type. 
.PP
.SS "float \fB_limitResource::val\fP"
.PP
Resource val. 
.PP


.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
_consumertype \- consumer types  

.PP
.SS "Typedefs"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef enum \fB_consumertype\fP \fBconsumerType\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Enumerations"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fB_consumertype\fP { \fBLIMIT_QUEUES\fP =  1, \fBLIMIT_PER_QUEUE\fP =  2, \fBLIMIT_USERS\fP =  3, \fBLIMIT_PER_USER\fP =  4, \fBLIMIT_HOSTS\fP =  5, \fBLIMIT_PER_HOST\fP =  6, \fBLIMIT_PROJECTS\fP =  7, \fBLIMIT_PER_PROJECT\fP =  8, \fBLIMIT_LIC_PROJECTS\fP =  9, \fBLIMIT_PER_LIC_PROJECT\fP =  10, \fBLIMIT_CLUSTERS\fP =  11, \fBLIMIT_PER_CLUSTER\fP =  12, \fBLIMIT_APPS\fP =  13, \fBLIMIT_PER_APP\fP =  14 }"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
consumer types 
.SH "Typedef Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "typedef enum \fB_consumertype\fP  \fBconsumerType\fP"
.PP
Type definitions. 
.PP
.SH "Enumeration Type Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "enum \fB_consumertype\fP"
.PP
\fBEnumerator: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fILIMIT_QUEUES \fP\fP
Queues. 
.TP
\fB\fILIMIT_PER_QUEUE \fP\fP
Per-queue. 
.TP
\fB\fILIMIT_USERS \fP\fP
Users. 
.TP
\fB\fILIMIT_PER_USER \fP\fP
Per-users. 
.TP
\fB\fILIMIT_HOSTS \fP\fP
Hosts. 
.TP
\fB\fILIMIT_PER_HOST \fP\fP
Per-host. 
.TP
\fB\fILIMIT_PROJECTS \fP\fP
Projects. 
.TP
\fB\fILIMIT_PER_PROJECT \fP\fP
Per-project. 
.TP
\fB\fILIMIT_LIC_PROJECTS \fP\fP
License Projects. 
.TP
\fB\fILIMIT_PER_LIC_PROJECT \fP\fP
Per-License project. 
.TP
\fB\fILIMIT_CLUSTERS \fP\fP
Clusters. 
.TP
\fB\fILIMIT_PER_CLUSTER \fP\fP
Per-Cluster. 
.TP
\fB\fILIMIT_APPS \fP\fP
Applications. 
.TP
\fB\fILIMIT_PER_APP \fP\fP
Per-application. 
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for IBM Spectrum LSF 10.1 C API Reference from the source code.
