.TH "lsb_readpendingreasons" 3 "10 Jun 2021" "Version 10.1" "IBM Spectrum LSF 10.1 C API Reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
lsb_readpendingreasons \- lsb_readpendingreasons 
Reads a current version \fBeventRec\fP structure from the lsb_pendingreasons file.
.PP
\fBlsb_readpendingreasons\fP reads an eventrRec from the open pendingreasonsFile.
.PP
\fB#include <lsf/lsbatch.h>\fP
.PP
\fB struct \fBeventRec\fP lsb_readpendingreasons(int *nline)\fP
.PP
.SH "Parameters:"
\fI*nline\fP Line number in the pendingreasons file to be read.
.PP
.SH "Data Structures:" 
.PP
\fBeventRec\fP
.PP
.SH "Define Statements:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Returns:"
int:0 
.br
 The function was successful. 
.PP
int:-1 
.br
 The function failed.
.PP
.SH "Errors:" 
.PP
On failure, lsberrno is set to indicate the error.
.PP
.SH "Equivalent line commands:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Files:" 
.PP
$LSB_CONFDIR/cluster_name/configdir/lsb.params
.PP
.SH "See also:"
\fBlsb_closependingreasons\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_geteventrec\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_openpendingreasons\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_puteventrec\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_readstreamline\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_streamversion\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_writependingreasons\fP 
.PP

.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
eventRec \- event records.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBversion\fP [MAX_VERSION_LEN]"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBtype\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "time_t \fBeventTime\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "union \fBeventLog\fP \fBeventLog\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
event records. 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "char \fBeventRec::version\fP[MAX_VERSION_LEN]"
.PP
The mbatchd version number. 
.PP
.SS "int \fBeventRec::type\fP"
.PP
Event type in \fBevent_types\fP. 
.PP
.SS "time_t \fBeventRec::eventTime\fP"
.PP
The time the event occurred. 
.PP
.SS "union \fBeventLog\fP \fBeventRec::eventLog\fP"
.PP
The information for this type of event, contained in a structure corresponding to type. 
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for IBM Spectrum LSF 10.1 C API Reference from the source code.
