.TH "lsb_submitPack" 3 "10 Jun 2021" "Version 10.1" "IBM Spectrum LSF 10.1 C API Reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
lsb_submitPack \- lsb_submitPack 
Submits multiple jobs via pack method in the batch system
.PP
\fB#include <lsf/lsbatch.h>\fP
.PP
\fB int lsb_submitPack (struct \fBpackSubmit\fP *packSub, struct \fBpackSubmitReply\fP *packSubmitReply, int *acceptedNum, int *rejectedNum)\fP
.PP
.SH "Parameters:"
\fI*packSub\fP Describes the requirements for job submissions to the batch system. Those jobs that do not meet these requirements are not submitted to the batch system. The caller needs to allocate the memory and release after usage.
.br
\fI*packSubmitReply\fP Describes the results of the job submissions in one pack to the batch system.
.br
\fI*acceptedNum\fP Describes the amount of accepted job requests in one pack. Or if environment variable BSUB_CHK_RESREQ is set, it is the amount of job requests containing valid resreq.
.br
\fI*rejectedNum\fP Describes the amount of rejected job requests in one pack. Or if environment variable BSUB_CHK_RESREQ is set, it is the amount of job requests containning invalid resreq.
.PP
.SH "Data Structures:" 
.PP
\fBpackSubmit\fP 
.br
\fBpackSubmitReply\fP
.PP
.SH "Returns:"
int:1 
.br
 All job requests are accepted by MBD and jobs are created.
.PP
int:-1 
.br
 There are invalid job requests or errors occur.
.PP
.SH "Equivalent line commands:" 
.PP
bsub
.PP
.SH "Files:" 
.PP
${LSF_ENVDIR:-/etc}/lsf.conf 
.PP

.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
packSubmit \- pack submission request.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnum\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBsubmit\fP ** \fBreqs\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
pack submission request. 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int \fBpackSubmit::num\fP"
.PP
the number of job submission requests. 
.PP

.SS "struct \fBsubmit\fP** \fBpackSubmit::reqs\fP"
.PP
job submission requests. 
.PP


.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
packSubmitReply \- pack submission reply.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnum\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int * \fBlserrno\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBsubmitReply\fP ** \fBsubmitReplies\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
pack submission reply. 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int \fBpackSubmitReply::num\fP"
.PP
the number of \fBsubmit\fP replies. 
.PP

.SS "int* \fBpackSubmitReply::lserrno\fP"
.PP
lserrno returned for each submission, 0 on success. 
.PP

.SS "struct \fBsubmitReply\fP** \fBpackSubmitReply::submitReplies\fP"
.PP
submission result for each job in the request pack. 
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for IBM Spectrum LSF 10.1 C API Reference from the source code.
