.TH "lsb_globalPolicyStatus" 3 "10 Jun 2021" "Version 10.1" "IBM Spectrum LSF 10.1 C API Reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
lsb_globalPolicyStatus \- lsb_globalPolicyStatus 
Returns global policy status.
.PP
\fB#include <lsf/lsbatch.h>\fP
.PP
\fB struct \fBglobalPolicyStatusInfo\fP *lsb_globalPolicyStatus(struct \fBglobalPolicyStatusReq\fP *statusReq, int *indexOfBadName); \fP
.PP
.SH "Parameters:"
\fIstatusReq\fP [IN] A pointer points to a structure of \fBglobalPolicyStatusReq\fP 
.br
\fIindexOfBadName\fP [OUT] When this function replies NULL and lsberrno is LSBE_BAD_GLOBAL_FAIRSHARE_NAME, *indexOfBadName indicates the index of the bad fairshare name in statusReq->globalFairshareNames.
.PP
.SH "Data Structures:" 
.PP
\fBglobalPolicyStatusInfo\fP 
.br
\fBglobalPolicyStatusReq\fP
.PP
.SH "Returns:"
struct \fBglobalPolicyStatusInfo\fP *:
.br
 A pointer of struct \fBglobalPolicyStatusInfo\fP. Function was successful. 
.PP
NULL
.br
 The function failed.
.PP
.SH "Equivalent line commands:" 
.PP
bgpinfo 
.PP

.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
globalPolicyStatusInfo \- Status of all global policies.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBgpolicydCluster\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBgpolicydHost\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumFairshareEnts\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBglobalFairshareStatusEnt\fP * \fBfairshareEnts\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Status of all global policies. 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "char* \fBglobalPolicyStatusInfo::gpolicydCluster\fP"
.PP
Name of the cluster where gpolicyd exists. 
.PP

.SS "char* \fBglobalPolicyStatusInfo::gpolicydHost\fP"
.PP
Name of the host where gpolicyd exists. 
.PP

.SS "int \fBglobalPolicyStatusInfo::numFairshareEnts\fP"
.PP
The number of global fairshare policies. 
.PP

.SS "struct \fBglobalFairshareStatusEnt\fP* \fBglobalPolicyStatusInfo::fairshareEnts\fP"
.PP
Global fairshare status array. 
.PP


.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
globalPolicyStatusReq \- Request for getting global policy status.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBstatusReqFlag\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumGlobalFairshareNames\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char ** \fBglobalFairshareNames\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Request for getting global policy status. 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int \fBglobalPolicyStatusReq::statusReqFlag\fP"
.PP
Flag for the startus request. 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBglobal_policy_status_req_flag\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int \fBglobalPolicyStatusReq::numGlobalFairshareNames\fP"
.PP
Number of policy names requested, 0 implies all. 
.PP
.SS "char** \fBglobalPolicyStatusReq::globalFairshareNames\fP"
.PP
The names of policies being requested. 
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for IBM Spectrum LSF 10.1 C API Reference from the source code.
