.TH "lsb_liveconfig" 3 "10 Jun 2021" "Version 10.1" "IBM Spectrum LSF 10.1 C API Reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
lsb_liveconfig \- lsb_liveconfig 
Updates LSF configuration according to the parameter specified.
.PP
\fBlsb_liveconfig\fP dynamically changes LSF configuration without daemons restarting, and without impacting regular LSF operations. One LSF component (object) with one operation (action) is updated at a time. The update persists in configuration files that are the merge between original configuration files and live reconfig changes.
.PP
\fB#include <lsf/lsbatch.h>\fP
.PP
\fB int lsb_liveconfig(LiveConfReq   *liveReq, char **reply)\fP
.PP
.SH "Parameters:"
\fI*liveReq\fP The request which specifies the configuration update information. 
.br
\fI**reply\fP The error messages from mbatchd.
.PP
.SH "Data Structures:" 
.PP
\fBliveConfReq\fP
.PP
.SH "Define Statements:" 
.PP
\fBlive_config_objects\fP 
.br
\fBlive_config_actions\fP
.PP
.SH "Returns:"
int: 0 
.br
 Function was successful. 
.br
 lsberrno is LSBE_NO_ERROR. 
.PP
int: n, (0<n<255) 
.br
 Function failed. 
.br
 lsberrno is LSBE_LIVECONF_MBD_RETERR. The request was partially accepted, where n is the number of failed parts and a detailed error message in reply gives failure reasons. 
.PP
int: -1 
.br
 Function failed. 
.br
 lsberrno is LSBE_LIVECONF_MBD_REJECT. The request was entirely rejected. A detailed error message in reply gives failure reasons.
.PP
.SH "Errors:" 
.PP
If the request fails, lsberrno is set to indicate the error and reply gives the detailed error messages.
.PP
.SH "Equivalent line commands:" 
.PP
bconf
.PP
.SH "Files:" 
.PP
lsf.conf
.PP
.SH "See also:"
none 
.PP

.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
liveConfReq \- Live configuration request.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlivConfAction_t\fP \fBactions\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlivConfObject_t\fP \fBobject_type\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBidentity\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBkey_value\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBcomments\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBseq\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Live configuration request. 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBlivConfAction_t\fP \fBliveConfReq::actions\fP"
.PP
Sets the actions in \fBlive_config_actions\fP. 
.PP
Action includes ADDMEMBER, RMMEMBER, UPDATE, CREATE(ADD), DELETE. 
.SS "\fBlivConfObject_t\fP \fBliveConfReq::object_type\fP"
.PP
Sets the types in \fBlive_config_objects\fP. 
.PP
Object types include USER, USERGROUP, HOSTGROUP, QUEUE, LIMIT, GPOOL, HOST 
.SS "char* \fBliveConfReq::identity\fP"
.PP
Object name. 
.PP
.SS "char* \fBliveConfReq::key_value\fP"
.PP
Key-value pair string. 
.PP
For example, '[MXJ=...][; JL/U=...][; EXIT_RATE=...]' 
.SS "char* \fBliveConfReq::comments\fP"
.PP
Comments. 
.PP
.SS "int \fBliveConfReq::seq\fP"
.PP
The bconf sequence id; 0 for all requests except delete usergroup. 
.PP
For delete usergroup, first send seq = 0 to get confirmation and a new seq from mbatchd, then call mbatchd with the same request and the new seq. 

.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
live_config_objects \- Live Configuration Object Types.  

.PP
.SS "Enumerations"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBlivConfObject_t\fP { \fBLiC_OBJECT_USER\fP =  0, \fBLiC_OBJECT_USERGROUP\fP, \fBLiC_OBJECT_HOST\fP, \fBLiC_OBJECT_HOSTGROUP\fP, \fBLiC_OBJECT_HOSTPARTITION\fP, \fBLiC_OBJECT_QUEUE\fP, \fBLiC_OBJECT_LIMIT\fP, \fBLiC_OBJECT_APPLICATION\fP, \fBLiC_OBJECT_COMPUTEUNIT\fP, \fBLiC_OBJECT_GUARPOOL\fP, \fBLiC_OBJECT_SERVICECLASS\fP, \fBLiC_OBJECT_ADVRSV\fP, \fBLiC_OBJECT_RESOURCEMAP\fP, \fBLiC_OBJECT_RESOURCERSV\fP, \fBLiC_OBJECT_BASE_HOST\fP, \fBLiC_OBJECT_END\fP }"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Live Configuration Object Types. 
.SH "Enumeration Type Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "enum \fBlivConfObject_t\fP"
.PP
\fBEnumerator: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fILiC_OBJECT_USER \fP\fP
Follows a user identity. 
.TP
\fB\fILiC_OBJECT_USERGROUP \fP\fP
Follows a usergroup identity. 
.TP
\fB\fILiC_OBJECT_HOST \fP\fP
Follows a host identity. 
.TP
\fB\fILiC_OBJECT_HOSTGROUP \fP\fP
Follows a host group identity. 
.TP
\fB\fILiC_OBJECT_HOSTPARTITION \fP\fP
Follows a host partation identity. 
.TP
\fB\fILiC_OBJECT_QUEUE \fP\fP
Follows a queue identity. 
.TP
\fB\fILiC_OBJECT_LIMIT \fP\fP
Follows a limit identity. 
.TP
\fB\fILiC_OBJECT_APPLICATION \fP\fP
Follows an application identity. 
.TP
\fB\fILiC_OBJECT_COMPUTEUNIT \fP\fP
Follows an compute unit identity. 
.TP
\fB\fILiC_OBJECT_GUARPOOL \fP\fP
Follows a guaranteed resource pool identity [For future support]. 
.TP
\fB\fILiC_OBJECT_SERVICECLASS \fP\fP
Follows a service class identity [For future support]. 
.TP
\fB\fILiC_OBJECT_ADVRSV \fP\fP
Follows an advance reservation identity [For future support]. 
.TP
\fB\fILiC_OBJECT_RESOURCEMAP \fP\fP
Follows an resource map identity [For future support]. 
.TP
\fB\fILiC_OBJECT_RESOURCERSV \fP\fP
Follows an resource reservation identity [For future support]. 
.TP
\fB\fILiC_OBJECT_BASE_HOST \fP\fP
Follows a host identity in base part [For future support]. 
.TP
\fB\fILiC_OBJECT_END \fP\fP
The total number of objects supported by live configuration. 
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
live_config_actions \- Live Configuration Actions.  

.PP
.SS "Enumerations"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBlivConfAction_t\fP { \fBLiC_ACTION_ADDMEMBER\fP =  0, \fBLiC_ACTION_RMMEMBER\fP, \fBLiC_ACTION_UPDATE\fP, \fBLiC_ACTION_CREATE\fP, \fBLiC_ACTION_DELETE\fP, \fBLiC_ACTION_ENFORCEDELETE\fP, \fBLiC_ACTION_DISABLE\fP, \fBLiC_ACTION_SET\fP, \fBLiC_ACTION_END\fP }"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Live Configuration Actions. 
.SH "Enumeration Type Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "enum \fBlivConfAction_t\fP"
.PP
\fBEnumerator: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fILiC_ACTION_ADDMEMBER \fP\fP
Add a new identity with key-values into a group item. 
.TP
\fB\fILiC_ACTION_RMMEMBER \fP\fP
Remove an identity from a group item. 
.TP
\fB\fILiC_ACTION_UPDATE \fP\fP
Update an identity with key-values settings. 
.TP
\fB\fILiC_ACTION_CREATE \fP\fP
Create an identity. 
.TP
\fB\fILiC_ACTION_DELETE \fP\fP
Delete an identity. 
.PP
Requires confirmation when deleting a usergroup or host 
.TP
\fB\fILiC_ACTION_ENFORCEDELETE \fP\fP
Delete an identity without confirmation. 
.TP
\fB\fILiC_ACTION_DISABLE \fP\fP
Disable live reconfig feature by primary LSF Admin. 
.TP
\fB\fILiC_ACTION_SET \fP\fP
Equivalent to Lic_ACTION_UPDATE and if not existing, perform LiC_ACTION_CREATE. 
.TP
\fB\fILiC_ACTION_END \fP\fP
The total number of actions supported by live configuration. 
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for IBM Spectrum LSF 10.1 C API Reference from the source code.
