.TH "lsb_rc_hostinfo" 3 "10 Jun 2021" "Version 10.1" "IBM Spectrum LSF 10.1 C API Reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
lsb_rc_hostinfo \- lsb_rc_hostinfo 
Returns information about Resource Connector hosts requested by and provided to the LSF cluster.
.PP
\fB#include <lsf/lsbatch.h>\fP
.PP
\fB struct \fBrcHostInfoEnt\fP *lsb_rc_hostinfo ( char* provider, char** hosts, char** instIds, int* numHosts, int options )\fP
.PP
.SH "Parameters:"
\fI*provider\fP A provider name. If NULL, hosts from all providers will be returned. 
.br
\fI**hosts\fP An array of host names. If NULL, all hosts will be returned. 
.br
\fI**instIds\fP An array of host Ids. If NULL, RC information may be missing. 
.br
\fI*numHosts\fP The number of host names in the array. To get information on all hosts, set *numHosts to 0; *numHosts will be set to the actual number of \fBrcHostInfoEnt\fP structures when this call returns. 
.br
\fIoptions\fP Query options. Reserved for future use.
.PP
.SH "Data Structures:" 
.PP
\fBrcHostInfoEnt\fP
.PP
.SH "Define Statements:" 
.PP
\fBrc_state\fP
.PP
.SH "Returns:"
struct \fBrcHostInfoEnt\fP *:
.br
 An array of \fBrcHostInfoEnt\fP structures which hold the host information and sets *numHosts to the number of \fBrcHostInfoEnt\fP structures. 
.br
 Function was successful. 
.PP
struct \fBhostInfoEnt\fP *:NULL 
.br
 Function failed.
.PP
.SH "Errors:" 
.PP
If the function fails, lsberrno is set to indicate the error.
.PP
.SH "Equivalent line commands:" 
.PP
bhosts
.PP
.SH "Files:" 
.PP
N/A 
.PP

.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
rcHostInfoEnt \- Resource connector host information entry.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBproviderName\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBclassName\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBhostName\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBaltHostName\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBrcState\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBprovState\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBlastStateUpdateTime\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBgraceExpiryTime\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBrcAccount\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBhostPrivateAddr\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBhostPublicAddr\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBuserData\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBmachineId\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBhostLaunchTime\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Resource connector host information entry. 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "char* \fBrcHostInfoEnt::providerName\fP"
.PP
The name of the host provider. 
.PP

.SS "char* \fBrcHostInfoEnt::className\fP"
.PP
The name of the host class. 
.PP
Indicates the template used to provision the host. 
.SS "char* \fBrcHostInfoEnt::hostName\fP"
.PP
The public DNS name of the host. 
.PP

.SS "char* \fBrcHostInfoEnt::altHostName\fP"
.PP
The alternative, e.g. 
.PP
internal or private DNS name of the host. 
.SS "char* \fBrcHostInfoEnt::rcState\fP"
.PP
The Resource Connector-specific state of the host. 
.PP
Can be one of: \fBrc_state\fP 
.SS "char* \fBrcHostInfoEnt::provState\fP"
.PP
The provider-specific state of the host. 
.PP
Possible values depend on the provider 
.SS "char* \fBrcHostInfoEnt::lastStateUpdateTime\fP"
.PP
The time when the host state was last updated, in ISO format. 
.PP
.SS "char* \fBrcHostInfoEnt::graceExpiryTime\fP"
.PP
The grace period expiration time; after that time the host will be forcefully reclaimed by provider. 
.PP
NULL if no reclaim request has been received for the host 
.SS "char* \fBrcHostInfoEnt::rcAccount\fP"
.PP
Resource Connector acounting tag in use for the host. 
.PP

.SS "char* \fBrcHostInfoEnt::hostPrivateAddr\fP"
.PP
Host IP address on the provider private network. 
.PP

.SS "char* \fBrcHostInfoEnt::hostPublicAddr\fP"
.PP
Host IP address on the provider public network (if applicable). 
.PP

.SS "char* \fBrcHostInfoEnt::userData\fP"
.PP
User data supplied with the host request. 
.PP

.SS "char* \fBrcHostInfoEnt::machineId\fP"
.PP
Unique identifier assigned to the host by the provider. 
.PP

.SS "char* \fBrcHostInfoEnt::hostLaunchTime\fP"
.PP
Host launch time in ISO format. 
.PP


.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
rc_state \- The RC host state.  

.PP
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBRC_HOST_STATE_EMPTY\fP   'Empty'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBRC_HOST_STATE_PREPROVISION_STARTED\fP   'Preprovision_Started'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBRC_HOST_STATE_PREPROVISION_FAILED\fP   'Preprovision_Failed'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBRC_HOST_STATE_ALLOCATED\fP   'Allocated'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBRC_HOST_STATE_RECLAIM_RECEIVED\fP   'Reclaim_Received'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBRC_HOST_STATE_RELINQUISHREQ_SENT\fP   'RelinquishReq_Sent'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBRC_HOST_STATE_RELINQUISHED\fP   'Relinquished'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBRC_HOST_STATE_DEALLOCATED_SENT\fP   'Deallocated_Sent'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBRC_HOST_STATE_POSTPROVISION_STARTED\fP   'Postprovision_Started'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBRC_HOST_STATE_DONE\fP   'Done'"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
The RC host state. 
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define RC_HOST_STATE_EMPTY   'Empty'"
.PP
State is unknown or not initialized. 
.PP

.SS "#define RC_HOST_STATE_PREPROVISION_STARTED   'Preprovision_Started'"
.PP
Pre-provision script is running. 
.PP

.SS "#define RC_HOST_STATE_PREPROVISION_FAILED   'Preprovision_Failed'"
.PP
Pre-provision script failed. 
.PP

.SS "#define RC_HOST_STATE_ALLOCATED   'Allocated'"
.PP
Host is allocated for LSF use. 
.PP

.SS "#define RC_HOST_STATE_RECLAIM_RECEIVED   'Reclaim_Received'"
.PP
Host reclaim request received from provider. 
.PP

.SS "#define RC_HOST_STATE_RELINQUISHREQ_SENT   'RelinquishReq_Sent'"
.PP
mbatchd chose to relinquish the host. 
.PP

.SS "#define RC_HOST_STATE_RELINQUISHED   'Relinquished'"
.PP
Host relinquished by LSF. 
.PP

.SS "#define RC_HOST_STATE_DEALLOCATED_SENT   'Deallocated_Sent'"
.PP
Host is released by LSF in response to a reclaim request. 
.PP

.SS "#define RC_HOST_STATE_POSTPROVISION_STARTED   'Postprovision_Started'"
.PP
Post-provision script is running. 
.PP

.SS "#define RC_HOST_STATE_DONE   'Done'"
.PP
LSF is done using the host. 
.PP
Terminal state. 
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for IBM Spectrum LSF 10.1 C API Reference from the source code.
