.TH "lsb_jobpendingsummary" 3 "10 Jun 2021" "Version 10.1" "IBM Spectrum LSF 10.1 C API Reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
lsb_jobpendingsummary \- lsb_jobpendingsummary 
Obtain summarized information on pending reason.
.PP
\fBlsb_jobpendingsummary\fP collects the summarized number of pending jobs, hosts, occurrences by each pending reason.
.PP
\fB#include <lsf/lsbatch.h>\fP
.PP
\fB struct jobPendingSummary* lsb_jobpendingsummary(struct jobInfoReq *Req)\fP
.PP
.SH "Parameters:"
\fI*Req\fP The request which specifies the bjobs option information.
.PP
.SH "Data Structures:" 
.PP
\fBjobInfoReq\fP
.PP
.SH "Returns:"
jobPendingSummary: not NULL 
.br
 Function was successful. 
.br
 lsberrno is LSBE_NO_ERROR.
.PP
jobPendingSummary: NULL 
.br
 Function failed. 
.br
 lsberrno is set to indicate the error and reply gives the detailed error messages.
.PP
.SH "Equivalent line commands:" 
.PP
bjobs -psum
.PP
.SH "See also:"
none 
.PP

.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
jobInfoReq \- job Information Request  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBoptions\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBuserName\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "LS_LONG_INT \fBjobId\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBjobName\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBqueue\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBhost\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBapp\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBjobDescription\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBjobGroupName\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBprojectName\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBlicenseProjectName\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBserviceClassName\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBsubmit_ext\fP * \fBsubmitExt\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBsourceClusterName\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBoptions2\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBreasonLevel\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBrsvId\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
job Information Request 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int \fBjobInfoReq::options\fP"
.PP
Options defined in \fBdefs_lsb_openjobinfo\fP. 
.PP
.SS "char* \fBjobInfoReq::userName\fP"
.PP
User name of the job owner whose job is to be checked. 
.PP
.SS "LS_LONG_INT \fBjobInfoReq::jobId\fP"
.PP
Job id, 0 means all jobs or more than one job specified. 
.PP
.SS "char* \fBjobInfoReq::jobName\fP"
.PP
Job name. 
.PP
.SS "char* \fBjobInfoReq::queue\fP"
.PP
Queue name. 
.PP
.SS "char* \fBjobInfoReq::host\fP"
.PP
Check jobs running on this host. 
.PP
.SS "char* \fBjobInfoReq::app\fP"
.PP
Job application. 
.PP
.SS "char* \fBjobInfoReq::jobDescription\fP"
.PP
Job description. 
.PP
.SS "char* \fBjobInfoReq::jobGroupName\fP"
.PP
Job group name. 
.PP
.SS "char* \fBjobInfoReq::projectName\fP"
.PP
project name 
.PP
.SS "char* \fBjobInfoReq::licenseProjectName\fP"
.PP
licnese project name 
.PP
.SS "char* \fBjobInfoReq::serviceClassName\fP"
.PP
service class name 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBsubmit_ext\fP* \fBjobInfoReq::submitExt\fP"
.PP
For new options in future. 
.PP
.SS "char* \fBjobInfoReq::sourceClusterName\fP"
.PP
Source Cluster Name, NULL means more than one job specified. 
.PP
.SS "int \fBjobInfoReq::options2\fP"
.PP
Options defined in \fBdefs_lsb_openjobinfo2\fP . 
.PP
Includes options such as 'OLD_PEND_MSG' to tell mbd whether to send customized pending reason messages. 
.SS "int \fBjobInfoReq::reasonLevel\fP"
.PP
The level of pending reason information to be retrieved with bjobs -p. 
.PP
.SS "char* \fBjobInfoReq::rsvId\fP"
.PP
Reservation ID. 
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for IBM Spectrum LSF 10.1 C API Reference from the source code.
