.TH "lsb_writependingreasons" 3 "10 Jun 2021" "Version 10.1" "IBM Spectrum LSF 10.1 C API Reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
lsb_writependingreasons \- lsb_writependingreasons 
Writes a current version \fBeventRec\fP structure into the lsb_pendingreasons file.
.PP
\fBlsb_writependingreasons\fP writes an eventrRec to the open pendingreasonsFile. This API function is inside liblsbstream.so.
.PP
\fB#include <lsf/lsbatch.h>\fP
.PP
\fB int lsb_writependingreasons(struct eventRec *logPtr)\fP
.PP
.SH "Parameters:"
\fI*logPtr\fP Pointer to the \fBeventRec\fP structure. 
.br
 see \fBlsb_geteventrec\fP for details on the \fBeventRec\fP structure.
.PP
.SH "Data Structures:" 
.PP
\fBeventRec\fP 
.br
\fBeventLog\fP 
.br
\fBeventEOSLog\fP 
.br
\fBjobPendingReasonsLog\fP
.PP
.SH "Define Statements:" 
.PP

.PP
.SH "Returns:"
int:0 
.br
 The function was successful. 
.PP
int:-1 
.br
 The function failed.
.PP
.SH "Errors:" 
.PP
If the function fails, lsberrno is set to indicate the error.
.PP
.SH "Equivalent line commands:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Files:" 
.PP
$LSB_CONFDIR/cluster_name/configdir/lsb.params
.PP
.SH "See also:"
\fBlsb_closependingreasons\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_geteventrec\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_openpendingreasons\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_puteventrec\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_readstreamline\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_readpendingreasons\fP 
.PP

.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
eventRec \- event records.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBversion\fP [MAX_VERSION_LEN]"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBtype\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "time_t \fBeventTime\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "union \fBeventLog\fP \fBeventLog\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
event records. 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "char \fBeventRec::version\fP[MAX_VERSION_LEN]"
.PP
The mbatchd version number. 
.PP
.SS "int \fBeventRec::type\fP"
.PP
Event type in \fBevent_types\fP. 
.PP
.SS "time_t \fBeventRec::eventTime\fP"
.PP
The time the event occurred. 
.PP
.SS "union \fBeventLog\fP \fBeventRec::eventLog\fP"
.PP
The information for this type of event, contained in a structure corresponding to type. 
.PP


.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
eventLog \- Log event types.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBjobNewLog\fP \fBjobNewLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBjobStartLog\fP \fBjobStartLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBjobStatusLog\fP \fBjobStatusLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBsbdJobStatusLog\fP \fBsbdJobStatusLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBjobSwitchLog\fP \fBjobSwitchLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBjobSwitchLog2\fP \fBjobSwitchLog2\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBjobMoveLog\fP \fBjobMoveLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBqueueCtrlLog\fP \fBqueueCtrlLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBhostCtrlLog\fP \fBhostCtrlLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBmbdStartLog\fP \fBmbdStartLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBmbdDieLog\fP \fBmbdDieLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBunfulfillLog\fP \fBunfulfillLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBjobFinishLog\fP \fBjobFinishLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBloadIndexLog\fP \fBloadIndexLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBmigLog\fP \fBmigLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBcalendarLog\fP \fBcalendarLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBjobForwardLog\fP \fBjobForwardLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBjobAcceptLog\fP \fBjobAcceptLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBjobAcceptAckLog\fP \fBjobAcceptAckLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBstatusAckLog\fP \fBstatusAckLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBsignalLog\fP \fBsignalLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBjobExecuteLog\fP \fBjobExecuteLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBjobMsgLog\fP \fBjobMsgLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBjobMsgAckLog\fP \fBjobMsgAckLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBjobRequeueLog\fP \fBjobRequeueLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBchkpntLog\fP \fBchkpntLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBsigactLog\fP \fBsigactLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBjobOccupyReqLog\fP \fBjobOccupyReqLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBjobVacatedLog\fP \fBjobVacatedLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBjobStartAcceptLog\fP \fBjobStartAcceptLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBjobCleanLog\fP \fBjobCleanLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBjobExceptionLog\fP \fBjobExceptionLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBjgrpNewLog\fP \fBjgrpNewLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBjgrpCtrlLog\fP \fBjgrpCtrlLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBjobForceRequestLog\fP \fBjobForceRequestLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBlogSwitchLog\fP \fBlogSwitchLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBjobModLog\fP \fBjobModLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBjgrpStatusLog\fP \fBjgrpStatusLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBjobAttrSetLog\fP \fBjobAttrSetLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBjobExternalMsgLog\fP \fBjobExternalMsgLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBjobChunkLog\fP \fBjobChunkLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBsbdUnreportedStatusLog\fP \fBsbdUnreportedStatusLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBrsvFinishLog\fP \fBrsvFinishLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBhgCtrlLog\fP \fBhgCtrlLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBcpuProfileLog\fP \fBcpuProfileLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBdataLoggingLog\fP \fBdataLoggingLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBjobRunRusageLog\fP \fBjobRunRusageLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBeventEOSLog\fP \fBeventEOSLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBslaLog\fP \fBslaLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBperfmonLog\fP \fBperfmonLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBtaskFinishLog\fP \fBtaskFinishLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBjobResizeNotifyStartLog\fP \fBjobResizeNotifyStartLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBjobResizeNotifyAcceptLog\fP \fBjobResizeNotifyAcceptLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBjobResizeNotifyDoneLog\fP \fBjobResizeNotifyDoneLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBjobResizeReleaseLog\fP \fBjobResizeReleaseLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBjobResizeCancelLog\fP \fBjobResizeCancelLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBjobResizeLog\fP \fBjobResizeLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBjobFinish2Log\fP \fBjobFinish2Log\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBjobStartLimitLog\fP \fBjobStartLimitLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBjobStatus2Log\fP \fBjobStatus2Log\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBjobPendingReasonsLog\fP \fBjobPendingReasonsLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBjobProvisionStartLog\fP \fBjobProvisionStartLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBjobFanoutInfoLog\fP \fBjobFanoutInfoLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBhostPowerStatusLog\fP \fBhostPowerStatusLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBjobProvHostLog\fP \fBjobProvHostLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBjobMigTimeoutLog\fP \fBjobMigTimeoutLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBjobDataStageLog\fP \fBjobDataStageLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBattrCreateLog_T\fP \fBattrCreateLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBattrDeleteLog_T\fP \fBattrDeleteLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBattrInfoLog_T\fP \fBattrInfoLog\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBhclosureLockIdLog\fP \fBhclosureLockIdLog\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Log event types. 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "struct \fBjobNewLog\fP \fBeventLog::jobNewLog\fP"
.PP
Job new event. 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBjobStartLog\fP \fBeventLog::jobStartLog\fP"
.PP
Job start event. 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBjobStatusLog\fP \fBeventLog::jobStatusLog\fP"
.PP
Job status event. 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBsbdJobStatusLog\fP \fBeventLog::sbdJobStatusLog\fP"
.PP
sbatchd job status event 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBjobSwitchLog\fP \fBeventLog::jobSwitchLog\fP"
.PP
Job switch event. 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBjobSwitchLog2\fP \fBeventLog::jobSwitchLog2\fP"
.PP
Job array switch event. 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBjobMoveLog\fP \fBeventLog::jobMoveLog\fP"
.PP
Job move event. 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBqueueCtrlLog\fP \fBeventLog::queueCtrlLog\fP"
.PP
Queue control event. 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBhostCtrlLog\fP \fBeventLog::hostCtrlLog\fP"
.PP
Host control event. 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBmbdStartLog\fP \fBeventLog::mbdStartLog\fP"
.PP
mbatchd start event 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBmbdDieLog\fP \fBeventLog::mbdDieLog\fP"
.PP
mbatchd die event 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBunfulfillLog\fP \fBeventLog::unfulfillLog\fP"
.PP
Unfulfill event. 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBjobFinishLog\fP \fBeventLog::jobFinishLog\fP"
.PP
Job finish event. 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBloadIndexLog\fP \fBeventLog::loadIndexLog\fP"
.PP
Load index event. 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBmigLog\fP \fBeventLog::migLog\fP"
.PP
Migration initiated event. 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBcalendarLog\fP \fBeventLog::calendarLog\fP"
.PP
Calendar event. 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBjobForwardLog\fP \fBeventLog::jobForwardLog\fP"
.PP
Job forward event. 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBjobAcceptLog\fP \fBeventLog::jobAcceptLog\fP"
.PP
Job accept event. 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBjobAcceptAckLog\fP \fBeventLog::jobAcceptAckLog\fP"
.PP
Job accept ack event. 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBstatusAckLog\fP \fBeventLog::statusAckLog\fP"
.PP
Job accepted from another cluster event. 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBsignalLog\fP \fBeventLog::signalLog\fP"
.PP
Job signal event. 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBjobExecuteLog\fP \fBeventLog::jobExecuteLog\fP"
.PP
Job execution event. 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBjobMsgLog\fP \fBeventLog::jobMsgLog\fP"
.PP
Job message event. 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBjobMsgAckLog\fP \fBeventLog::jobMsgAckLog\fP"
.PP
Job message ackknowledge event. 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBjobRequeueLog\fP \fBeventLog::jobRequeueLog\fP"
.PP
Job requeue event. 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBchkpntLog\fP \fBeventLog::chkpntLog\fP"
.PP
Checkpoint event. 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBsigactLog\fP \fBeventLog::sigactLog\fP"
.PP
Signal with action event. 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBjobOccupyReqLog\fP \fBeventLog::jobOccupyReqLog\fP"
.PP
Job occupy request event. 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBjobVacatedLog\fP \fBeventLog::jobVacatedLog\fP"
.PP
Job vacate event. 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBjobStartAcceptLog\fP \fBeventLog::jobStartAcceptLog\fP"
.PP
Job start accept event. 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBjobCleanLog\fP \fBeventLog::jobCleanLog\fP"
.PP
Job clean event. 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBjobExceptionLog\fP \fBeventLog::jobExceptionLog\fP"
.PP
Job exception event. 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBjgrpNewLog\fP \fBeventLog::jgrpNewLog\fP"
.PP
Job group new event. 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBjgrpCtrlLog\fP \fBeventLog::jgrpCtrlLog\fP"
.PP
Job group Ctrl event. 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBjobForceRequestLog\fP \fBeventLog::jobForceRequestLog\fP"
.PP
Job Force Request event. 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBlogSwitchLog\fP \fBeventLog::logSwitchLog\fP"
.PP
Event switch event. 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBjobModLog\fP \fBeventLog::jobModLog\fP"
.PP
Job modify event. 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBjgrpStatusLog\fP \fBeventLog::jgrpStatusLog\fP"
.PP
Job group stratus event. 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBjobAttrSetLog\fP \fBeventLog::jobAttrSetLog\fP"
.PP
Job attribute setting event. 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBjobExternalMsgLog\fP \fBeventLog::jobExternalMsgLog\fP"
.PP
Job external message event. 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBjobChunkLog\fP \fBeventLog::jobChunkLog\fP"
.PP
Job chunk event. 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBsbdUnreportedStatusLog\fP \fBeventLog::sbdUnreportedStatusLog\fP"
.PP
sbatchd unreported status event 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBrsvFinishLog\fP \fBeventLog::rsvFinishLog\fP"
.PP
Reservation finish event. 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBhgCtrlLog\fP \fBeventLog::hgCtrlLog\fP"
.PP
Host group control Log. 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBcpuProfileLog\fP \fBeventLog::cpuProfileLog\fP"
.PP
cpu profile event 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBdataLoggingLog\fP \fBeventLog::dataLoggingLog\fP"
.PP
Data logging event. 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBjobRunRusageLog\fP \fBeventLog::jobRunRusageLog\fP"
.PP
Job run rusage event. 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBeventEOSLog\fP \fBeventLog::eventEOSLog\fP"
.PP
Event EOS event. 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBslaLog\fP \fBeventLog::slaLog\fP"
.PP
SLA event. 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBperfmonLog\fP \fBeventLog::perfmonLog\fP"
.PP
Performance event. 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBtaskFinishLog\fP \fBeventLog::taskFinishLog\fP"
.PP
Task finish event. 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBjobResizeNotifyStartLog\fP \fBeventLog::jobResizeNotifyStartLog\fP"
.PP
Job resize notify start event. 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBjobResizeNotifyAcceptLog\fP \fBeventLog::jobResizeNotifyAcceptLog\fP"
.PP
Job resize notify accept event. 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBjobResizeNotifyDoneLog\fP \fBeventLog::jobResizeNotifyDoneLog\fP"
.PP
Job resize notify done event. 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBjobResizeReleaseLog\fP \fBeventLog::jobResizeReleaseLog\fP"
.PP
Job resize request event. 
.PP
Job resize release event 
.SS "struct \fBjobResizeCancelLog\fP \fBeventLog::jobResizeCancelLog\fP"
.PP
Job resize cancel event. 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBjobResizeLog\fP \fBeventLog::jobResizeLog\fP"
.PP
Job resize event. 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBjobFinish2Log\fP \fBeventLog::jobFinish2Log\fP"
.PP
JOB_FINISH2 stream event. 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBjobStartLimitLog\fP \fBeventLog::jobStartLimitLog\fP"
.PP
JOB_STATRTLIMIT stream event. 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBjobStatus2Log\fP \fBeventLog::jobStatus2Log\fP"
.PP
JOB_STATUS2 status event. 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBjobPendingReasonsLog\fP \fBeventLog::jobPendingReasonsLog\fP"
.PP
JOB_PENDINGREASONS event. 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBjobProvisionStartLog\fP \fBeventLog::jobProvisionStartLog\fP"
.PP
Job provisioning start event. 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBjobFanoutInfoLog\fP \fBeventLog::jobFanoutInfoLog\fP"
.PP
< Job provisioning end event 
.PP
Job fan-out Information event 
.SS "struct \fBhostPowerStatusLog\fP \fBeventLog::hostPowerStatusLog\fP"
.PP
host power status event 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBjobProvHostLog\fP \fBeventLog::jobProvHostLog\fP"
.PP
job prov host info event 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBjobMigTimeoutLog\fP \fBeventLog::jobMigTimeoutLog\fP"
.PP
Job migration timeout event. 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBjobDataStageLog\fP \fBeventLog::jobDataStageLog\fP"
.PP
Job Data Allocation event. 
.PP
.SS "\fBattrCreateLog_T\fP \fBeventLog::attrCreateLog\fP"
.PP
Attribute creation log. 
.PP
.SS "\fBattrDeleteLog_T\fP \fBeventLog::attrDeleteLog\fP"
.PP
Attribute deletion log. 
.PP
.SS "\fBattrInfoLog_T\fP \fBeventLog::attrInfoLog\fP"
.PP
Attribute information log. 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBhclosureLockIdLog\fP \fBeventLog::hclosureLockIdLog\fP"
.PP
Host closure lock ID operation event. 
.PP


.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
eventEOSLog \- End of stream event.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBeos\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
End of stream event. 

The stream is moved to lsb.stream.0 and a new lsb.stream is opened. Readers of lsb.stream when encounter the event EVENT_END_OF_STREAM should close and reopen the lsb.stream file. 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int \fBeventEOSLog::eos\fP"
.PP
Event end of stream. 
.PP


.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
jobPendingReasonsLog \- Logged into lsb.pendingreasons periodically.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBuserName\fP [MAX_LSB_NAME_LEN]"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBqueue\fP [MAX_LSB_NAME_LEN]"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBprojectName\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBlicenseProject\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBresReq\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBapp\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnum_processors\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBmainReason\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBsubReason\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBdetailedReason\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBdetail\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumJobs\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBpendingTime\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBsumDetailReasonHosts\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBaveragePendingTime\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "time_t \fBexpectedLogTime\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBsampleInterval\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBclusterName\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBpendingTimeRanking\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBhostType\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBcombinedResReq\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Logged into lsb.pendingreasons periodically. 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "char \fBjobPendingReasonsLog::userName\fP[MAX_LSB_NAME_LEN]"
.PP
User name, default key. 
.PP
.SS "char \fBjobPendingReasonsLog::queue\fP[MAX_LSB_NAME_LEN]"
.PP
Queue name, default key. 
.PP
.SS "char* \fBjobPendingReasonsLog::projectName\fP"
.PP
Project name, if defined in key. 
.PP
.SS "char* \fBjobPendingReasonsLog::licenseProject\fP"
.PP
License Project name, if defined in key. 
.PP
.SS "char* \fBjobPendingReasonsLog::resReq\fP"
.PP
ResReq of the job, if defined in key. 
.PP
.SS "char* \fBjobPendingReasonsLog::app\fP"
.PP
Application name, if defined in key. 
.PP
.SS "int \fBjobPendingReasonsLog::num_processors\fP"
.PP
Number of asked slots. 
.PP
.SS "int \fBjobPendingReasonsLog::mainReason\fP"
.PP
Main pending reason. 
.PP
.SS "int \fBjobPendingReasonsLog::subReason\fP"
.PP
Subreason to main reason. 
.PP
.SS "int \fBjobPendingReasonsLog::detailedReason\fP"
.PP
detail reason 
.PP
.SS "char* \fBjobPendingReasonsLog::detail\fP"
.PP
Addition resource info for the detailed reason. 
.PP

.SS "int \fBjobPendingReasonsLog::numJobs\fP"
.PP
Number of pending jobs. 
.PP
.SS "int \fBjobPendingReasonsLog::pendingTime\fP"
.PP
Sum of pending time delta. 
.PP
.SS "int \fBjobPendingReasonsLog::sumDetailReasonHosts\fP"
.PP
Sum of hosts for jobs with this reason. 
.PP
.SS "int \fBjobPendingReasonsLog::averagePendingTime\fP"
.PP
Average pending time of the jobs. 
.PP
.SS "time_t \fBjobPendingReasonsLog::expectedLogTime\fP"
.PP
Expected log time. 
.PP
.SS "int \fBjobPendingReasonsLog::sampleInterval\fP"
.PP
Time since last log. 
.PP
.SS "char* \fBjobPendingReasonsLog::clusterName\fP"
.PP
Name of the cluster. 
.PP
.SS "char* \fBjobPendingReasonsLog::pendingTimeRanking\fP"
.PP
Ranking of the pending time, as configured. 
.PP
.SS "char* \fBjobPendingReasonsLog::hostType\fP"
.PP
Host type of the detailed reason. 
.PP
.SS "char* \fBjobPendingReasonsLog::combinedResReq\fP"
.PP
Combined resource requirement of job, if defined in key. 
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for IBM Spectrum LSF 10.1 C API Reference from the source code.
