.TH "lsb_resize_request" 3 "10 Jun 2021" "Version 10.1" "IBM Spectrum LSF 10.1 C API Reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
lsb_resize_request \- lsb_resize_request 
Request adding more slots to a running resizable job.
.PP
If a notification command is defined through job submission, application profile,or the \fBlsb_resize_request\fP API, the notification command is invoked on the first execution host of the job allocation once allocation resize requests have been satisfied.
.PP
\fB#include <lsf/lsbatch.h>\fP
.PP
\fB int lsb_resize_request(struct job_resize_request *req);\fP
.PP
.SH "Parameters:"
\fI*req\fP job resize grow request.
.PP
.SH "Data Structures:" 
.PP
\fBjob_resize_request\fP
.PP
.SH "Define Statements:" 
.PP
\fBresizablejob_related\fP
.PP
.SH "Returns:"
int:0 
.br
 On success, returns zero. 
.PP
int:-1 
.br
 On failure, returns -1.
.PP
.SH "Errors:" 
.PP
lsberrno is set to indicate the error.
.PP
.SH "Equivalent line commands:" 
.PP
request [-c] [-rnc resize_notification_cmd | -rncn] [min_slot,] slots job_ID
.PP
.SH "Files:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "See also:"
\fBlsb_resize_release\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_resize_cancel\fP 
.PP

.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
job_resize_request \- job resize request, i.e.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
job resize request, i.e. 

to grow a job's allocation. 

.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
resizablejob_related \- Resizable job related definitions.  

.PP
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBLSB_RESIZE_REL_NONE\fP   0x0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBLSB_RESIZE_REL_ALL\fP   0x01"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBLSB_RESIZE_REL_CANCEL\fP   0x02"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBLSB_RESIZE_REL_NO_NOTIFY\fP   0x04"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Resizable job related definitions. 
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define LSB_RESIZE_REL_NONE   0x0"
.PP
Means release no slots. 
.PP
.SS "#define LSB_RESIZE_REL_ALL   0x01"
.PP
Means release all slots-In this case, nHosts, hosts and slots indicate the slots that are not released. 
.PP
.SS "#define LSB_RESIZE_REL_CANCEL   0x02"
.PP
Means cancel any pending resize request. 
.PP
.SS "#define LSB_RESIZE_REL_NO_NOTIFY   0x04"
.PP
Means execute no resize notification command. 
.PP
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for IBM Spectrum LSF 10.1 C API Reference from the source code.
