.TH "lsb_globalFairshareConf" 3 "10 Jun 2021" "Version 10.1" "IBM Spectrum LSF 10.1 C API Reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
lsb_globalFairshareConf \- lsb_globalFairshareConf 
Returns configuration information about global fairshare policies.
.PP
See lsb.globalpolicies for more information about global fairshare policy parameters.
.PP
\fB#include <lsf/lsbatch.h>\fP
.PP
\fB struct \fBglobalFairshareConfEnt\fP * lsb_globalFairshareConf(char **policyNames, int *numPolicyNames)\fP
.PP
.SH "Parameters:"
\fIpolicyNames\fP [IN] An array of global fairshare policy names. 
.br
\fInumPolicyNames\fP [IN/OUT] The number of global fairshare policy names. To get information on all global fairshare policies, set *numPolicyNames to 0; *numPolicyNames will be updated to the actual number of global fairshare policies when this call returns.
.PP
.SH "Data Structures:" 
.PP
\fBglobalFairshareConfEnt\fP
.PP
.SH "Returns:"
struct \fBglobalFairshareConfEnt\fP *:
.br
 An array of \fBglobalFairshareConfEnt\fP structures which stores the global fairshare policy information. Function was successful. 
.PP
NULL
.br
 The function failed.
.PP
.SH "Equivalent line commands:" 
.PP
bgpinfo
.PP
.SH "Files:" 
.PP
$LSB_CONFDIR/cluster_name/configdir/lsb.globalpolicies 
.PP

.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
globalFairshareConfEnt \- Configuration information of a global fairshare policy.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBpolicyName\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumParticipants\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char ** \fBparticipants\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBsyncInterval\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBsyncMode\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBdescription\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Configuration information of a global fairshare policy. 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "char* \fBglobalFairshareConfEnt::policyName\fP"
.PP
The name of the fairshare policy. 
.PP

.SS "int \fBglobalFairshareConfEnt::numParticipants\fP"
.PP
The number of participants. 
.PP

.SS "char** \fBglobalFairshareConfEnt::participants\fP"
.PP
Participants array. 
.PP

.SS "int \fBglobalFairshareConfEnt::syncInterval\fP"
.PP
Sync up interval. 
.PP

.SS "int \fBglobalFairshareConfEnt::syncMode\fP"
.PP
Sync up mode. 
.PP
See \fBgfs_sync_mode\fP 
.SS "char* \fBglobalFairshareConfEnt::description\fP"
.PP
Description of this global fairshare policy. 
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for IBM Spectrum LSF 10.1 C API Reference from the source code.
