.TH "lsb_hclosure_lock_ids" 3 "10 Jun 2021" "Version 10.1" "IBM Spectrum LSF 10.1 C API Reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
lsb_hclosure_lock_ids \- lsb_hclosure_lock_ids 
Attaches a lock ID to hosts or removes a lock ID from hosts.
.PP
\fBlsb_hclosure_lock_ids\fP attaches a lock ID to hosts 
.br
 or removes a lock ID from hosts. This call is successfully invoked only by root or by the LSF administrator.
.PP
\fB#include <lsf/lsbatch.h>\fP
.PP
\fB int lsb_hclosure_lock_ids (struct \fBhclosureLockIDsReq\fP *req, struct \fBhclosureLockIDsReply\fP **replyPtr)\fP
.PP
.SH "Parameters:"
\fI*req\fP Describes the request for the lock ID operation 
.br
\fI*replyPtr\fP Describes the results of the lock ID operation
.PP
.SH "Data Structures:" 
.PP
\fBhclosureLockIDsReq\fP \fBhclosureLockIDsReply\fP
.PP
.SH "Define Statements:" 
.PP
\fBhclosure_lockIds_option\fP
.PP
.SH "Returns:"
int:0 
.br
 The function was successful. 
.PP
int:-1 
.br
 Function failed.
.PP
.SH "Errors:" 
.PP
If the function fails, replyPtr->failHosts indicates which hosts are not acceptable and replyPtr->failReasons (an array of lsberrno error numbers) is set to indicate errors over failed hosts.
.PP
.SH "Equivalent line commands:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Files:" 
.PP
${LSF_ENVDIR:-/etc}/lsf.conf
.PP
.SH "See also:"
\fBlsb_hostcontrol\fP 
.PP

.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
hclosureLockIDsReply \- Host Closure Lock IDs Reply.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumsucc\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char ** \fBsuccHosts\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumfail\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char ** \fBfailHosts\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int * \fBfailReasons\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Host Closure Lock IDs Reply. 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int \fBhclosureLockIDsReply::numsucc\fP"
.PP
The number of successfully-operated hosts. 
.PP

.SS "char** \fBhclosureLockIDsReply::succHosts\fP"
.PP
Array of names of the successfully operated hosts. 
.PP
.SS "int \fBhclosureLockIDsReply::numfail\fP"
.PP
The number of hosts that failed. 
.PP

.SS "char** \fBhclosureLockIDsReply::failHosts\fP"
.PP
Array of names of the failed hosts. 
.PP
.SS "int* \fBhclosureLockIDsReply::failReasons\fP"
.PP
For each host that failed, its failure reason is recorded in this array. 
.PP


.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
hclosure_lockIds_option \- options for \fBlsb_hclosure_lock_id_control\fP call  

.PP
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBHCLOSURE_LOCK_ID_ATTACH\fP   1"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBHCLOSURE_LOCK_ID_REMOVE\fP   2"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
options for \fBlsb_hclosure_lock_id_control\fP call 
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define HCLOSURE_LOCK_ID_ATTACH   1"
.PP
Attaches a lock ID to hosts. 
.PP
.SS "#define HCLOSURE_LOCK_ID_REMOVE   2"
.PP
Removes a lock ID from hosts. 
.PP
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for IBM Spectrum LSF 10.1 C API Reference from the source code.
