
.ad l

.TH badmin 8 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBbadmin\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
The badmin command is the administrative tool for LSF.
.sp 2

.SH Synopsis

.sp 2
\fBbadmin \fRsubcommand options
.sp 2
\fBbadmin\fR [\fB-h\fR | \fB-V\fR]
.SH Description

.sp 2
The badmin command provides a set of subcommands to control and
monitor LSF. If you do not include subcommands, the \fRbadmin\fR
command prompts for subcommands from the standard input.
.sp 2
Information about each subcommand is available through the -h
option.
.sp 2
The badmin subcommands include privileged and non-privileged
subcommands. Only root or LSF administrators can run privileged
subcommands. The following subcommands are privileged:
.sp 2
   diagnose
.br
   gpddebug
.br
   gpdrestart
.br
   gpdtime
.br
   hclose
.br
   hghostadd
.br
   hghostdel
.br
   hopen
.br
   hpower
.br
   mbddebug
.br
   mbdrestart
.br
   perflog
.br
   perfmon
.br
   qact
.br
   qclose
.br
   qinact
.br
   qopen
.br
   reconfig
.br
   security
.sp 2
The configuration file lsf.sudoers must be set to use the
privileged command hstartup by a non-root user.
.sp 2
All other commands are non-privileged commands and can be used by
any LSF user. If the \fBLSF_AUTH\fR parameter is not defined in
the lsf.conf file, privileged ports are used and the badmin
command must be installed because it needs to send the request
through a privileged port. The badmin executable file is
installed with the setuid flag turned on.
.sp 2
When you use subcommands for which multiple host names can be
specified, do not enclose the host names in quotation marks.
.SH Subcommand synopsis

.sp 2
\fBckconfig\fR [\fB-v\fR]
.sp 2
\fBdiagnose\fR pending_jobID ...
.sp 2
\fBdiagnose\fR \fB-c jobreq\fR [\fB-f\fR logfile_name] [\fB-t
xml\fR | \fB-t json\fR]
.sp 2
\fBdiagnose\fR \fB-c query\fR [[\fB-f\fR logfile_name] [\fB-d\fR
duration] | [\fB-o\fR]]
.sp 2
\fBgpdckconfig\fR [\fB-v\fR]
.sp 2
\fBgpddebug\fR [\fB-c\fR class_name] [\fB-l\fR debug_level]
[\fB-f\fR logfile_name] [\fB-o\fR]
.sp 2
\fBgpdrestart\fR [\fB-v\fR] [\fB-f\fR]
.sp 2
\fBgpdtime\fR [\fB-l\fR timing_level] [\fB-f\fR logfile_name]
[\fB-o\fR]
.sp 2
\fBhclose\fR [\fB-C\fR comment] [\fB-i "\fRlock_id\fB"\fR]
[host_name ... | host_group ... | compute_unit ... | \fBall\fR]
.sp 2
\fBhelp\fR [command ...] | \fB?\fR [command ...]
.sp 2
\fBhghostadd\fR [\fB-C\fR comment] host_group | compute_unit |
host_name [host_name ...]
.sp 2
\fBhghostdel\fR [\fB-f\fR] [\fB-C\fR comment] host_group |
compute_unit | host_name [host_name ...]
.sp 2
\fBhhist\fR [\fB-t\fR time0\fB,\fRtime1] [\fB-f\fR logfile_name]
[host_name ...]
.sp 2
\fBhist\fR [\fB-t\fR time0\fB,\fRtime1] [\fB-f\fR logfile_name]
.sp 2
\fBhopen\fR [\fB-C\fR comment] [\fB-i "\fRlock_id ... |
\fBall"\fR] [host_name ... | host_group ... | compute_unit ... |
\fBall\fR]
.sp 2
\fBhpower\fR [\fBsuspend\fR | \fBresume\fR] [\fB-C\fR comment]
[host_name ...]
.sp 2
\fBmbddebug\fR [\fB-c\fR class_name ...] [\fB-l\fR debug_level]
[\fB-f\fR logfile_name] [\fB-o\fR] [\fB-s\fR log_queue_size]
.sp 2
\fBmbdhist\fR [\fB-t\fR time0\fB,\fRtime1] [\fB-f\fR
logfile_name]
.sp 2
\fBmbdrestart\fR [\fB-C\fR comment] [\fB-v\fR] [\fB-f\fR]
[\fB-p\fR | \fB-s\fR]
.sp 2
\fBmbdtime\fR [\fB-l\fR timing_level] [\fB-f\fR logfile_name]
[\fB-o\fR]
.sp 2
\fBperflog\fR [\fB-t\fR sample_period] [\fB-d\fR duration]
[\fB-f\fR logfile_name] [\fB-o\fR]
.sp 2
\fBperfmon start\fR [sample_period]| \fBstop\fR | \fBview \fR|
\fBsetperiod \fRsample_period
.sp 2
\fBqact\fR [\fB-C\fR comment] [queue_name ... | \fBall\fR]
.sp 2
\fBqclose\fR [\fB-C\fR comment] [queue_name ... | \fBall\fR]
.sp 2
\fBqhist\fR [\fB-t\fR time0\fB,\fRtime1] [\fB-f\fR logfile_name]
[queue_name ...]
.sp 2
\fBqinact\fR [\fB-C\fR comment] [queue_name ... | \fBall\fR]
.sp 2
\fBqopen\fR [\fB-C\fR comment] [queue_name ... | \fBall\fR]
.sp 2
\fBquit\fR
.sp 2
\fBreconfig\fR [\fB-v\fR] [\fB-f\fR]
.sp 2
\fBsbddebug\fR [\fB-c\fR class_name ...] [\fB-l\fR debug_level]
[\fB-f\fR logfile_name] [\fB-o\fR] [host_name ...]
.sp 2
\fBsbdtime\fR [\fB-l\fR timing_level] [\fB-f\fR logfile_name]
[\fB-o\fR] [host_name ...]
.sp 2
\fBschddebug\fR [\fB-c\fR class_name ...] [\fB-l\fR debug_level]
[\fB-f\fR logfile_name] [\fB-o\fR] [\fB-s\fR log_queue_size]
.sp 2
\fBschdtime\fR [\fB-l\fR timing_level] [\fB-f\fR logfile_name]
[\fB-o\fR]
.sp 2
\fBsecurity view\fR [\fB-v\fR]
.sp 2
\fBshowconf\fR\fB mbd\fR | [\fBsbd\fR [host_name ... | \fBall\fR]
| \fBgpd\fR]
.sp 2
\fBshowstatus\fR
.sp 2
\fB-h\fR
.sp 2
\fB-V\fR
.SH Options

.sp 2
\fB\fIsubcommand\fB\fR
.br
         Runs the specified subcommand. See the Usage section.
.sp 2
\fB-h\fR
.br
         Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
\fB-V\fR
.br
         Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.SH Usage

.sp 2
\fBckconfig [-v]\fR
.br
         Checks LSF configuration files that are located in the
         LSB_CONFDIR/cluster_name/configdir directory, and checks
         the LSF_ENVDIR/lsf.licensescheduler file.
.sp 2
         The \fBLSB_CONFDIR\fR variable is defined in the
         lsf.conf file, in \fBLSF_ENVDIR\fR or /etc (if
         \fBLSF_ENVDIR\fR is not defined).
.sp 2
         By default, the badmin ckconfig command displays only
         the result of the configuration file check. If warning
         errors are found, the badmin command prompts you to
         display detailed messages.
.sp 2
         \fB-v\fR
.br
                  Verbose mode. Displays detailed messages about
                  configuration file checking to stderr.
.sp 2
\fBdiagnose \fI<pend jobid>\fB ...\fR
.br
         Displays full pending reason list if
         \fBCONDENSE_PENDING_REASONS=Y\fR is set in the
         lsb.params file.
.sp 2
         badmin diagnose 1057
.br

.sp 2
\fBdiagnose -c jobreq [-f \fIsnapshot_file_name\fB] [-t xml | -t
json]\fR
.br
         UNIX only. Saves the current contents of the scheduler
         job bucket information into an XML or JSON snapshot file
         as raw data.
.sp 2
         Jobs are put into scheduling buckets based on resource
         requirements and different scheduling policies. Saving
         the contents into a snapshot file is useful for data
         analysis by parsing the file or by running a simple text
         search on its contents.
.sp 2
         This feature is helpful if you want to examine a sudden
         large performance impact on the scheduler. Use the
         snapshot file to identify any users with many buckets or
         large attribute values.
.sp 2
         You can use the following options:
.sp 2
         \fB-c jobreq\fR
.br
                  Required.
.sp 2
         \fB-f \fIfile_name\fB\fR
.br
                  Specifies a snapshot file in which to save the
                  information. It is either a file name, which is
                  located in the \fBDIAGNOSE_LOGDIR\fR directory,
                  or a full path file name. If the specified
                  snapshot file exists, it is overwritten with
                  the current information.
.sp 2
                  The default name for the snapshot file is
                  jobreq_\fI<hostname>\fR_\fI<dateandtime>\fR.\fI<format>\fR,
                  where \fI<format>\fR is xml or json, depending
                  on the specified format of the snapshot file.
.sp 2
                  The owner of the log file is the user who is
                  specified in the \fBLSF_ADMIN\fR parameter. The
                  log file permissions are the same as the
                  mbatchd daemon log permissions. Everyone has
                  read and execute access but the \fBLSF_ADMIN\fR
                  owner has write, read, and execute access.
.sp 2
         \fB-t xml | -t json\fR
.br
                  Specifies the format of the snapshot file.
                  Specify \fR-t xml\fR for the snapshot file to
                  be in XML format, or specify \fR-t json\fR for
                  the snapshot file to be in JSON format.
.sp 2
                  The default format for the snapshot file is
                  XML, and the extension of the snapshot file is
                  .xml. If the snapshot file is in JSON format,
                  the extension of the snapshot file is .json.
.sp 2
\fBdiagnose -c query [-f \fIlogfile_name\fB] [-d \fIminutes\fB] |
[-o]]\fR
.br
         This feature is helpful if an unexpected mbatchd query
         load causes the cluster to slow or fail to respond to
         requests. For example, many bjobs command queries might
         cause a high network load and prevent the mbatchd daemon
         from responding. Running this command with its options
         enables the mbatchd daemon to dump the query source
         information into a log file.
.sp 2
         The log file shows information about the source of
         queries for easier troubleshooting. The log file shows
         who made these requests, where the requests came from,
         and the data size of the query.
.sp 2
         You can also configure this feature by enabling the
         \fBDIAGNOSE_LOGDIR\fR and \fBENABLE_DIAGNOSE\fR
         parameters in the lsb.params file to log the entire
         query information as soon as the cluster starts.
         However, the dynamic settings from the command override
         the static parameter settings. Also, after the duration
         you specify to track the query information expires, the
         static diagnosis settings take effect.
.sp 2
         You can use the following options to dynamically set the
         time, specify a log file, and allow the mbatchd daemon
         to collect information:
.sp 2
         \fB-c query\fR
.br
                  Required.
.sp 2
         \fB-f\fR
.br
                  Specifies a log file in which to save the
                  information. It is either a file name, which is
                  located in the \fBDIAGNOSE_LOGDIR\fR directory,
                  or a full path file name.
.sp 2
                  The default name for the log file is
                  query_info.querylog.<\fIhost_name\fR>.
.sp 2
                  The owner of the log file is the user who is
                  specified in the \fBLSF_ADMIN\fR parameter. The
                  log file permissions are the same as mbatchd
                  daemon log permissions. Everyone has read and
                  execute access but the \fBLSF_ADMIN\fR user has
                  write, read, and execute access.
.sp 2
                  If you specify the log file in the lsb.params
                  file and then later specify a different log
                  file in the command line, the one in the
                  command line takes precedence. Logging
                  continues until the specified duration is over,
                  or until you stop dynamic logging. It then
                  switches back to the static log file location.
.sp 2
         \fB-d \fIminutes\fB\fR
.br
                  The duration in minutes you specify to track
                  the query information. The mbatchd daemon
                  reverts to static settings after the duration
                  is over, or until you stop it manually, restart
                  (with the badmin mbdrestart command), or
                  reconfigure (with badmin reconfig command). The
                  default value for this duration is infinite. By
                  default, query information is always logged.
.sp 2
         \fB-o\fR
.br
                  Turns off dynamic diagnosis (stop logging). If
                  the \fBENABLE_DIAGNOSE=query\fR parameter is
                  configured, it returns to the static
                  configuration.
.sp 2
\fBgpdckconfig [-v]\fR
.br
         Checks the global policy configuration file
         lsb.globalpolicies located in the
         LSB_CONFDIR/cluster_name/configdir directory.
.sp 2
         The \fBLSB_CONFDIR\fR variable is defined in the
         lsf.conf file, in \fBLSF_ENVDIR\fR or /etc (if
         \fBLSF_ENVDIR\fR is not defined).
.sp 2
         By default, the badmin gpdckconfig command displays only
         the result of the configuration file check. If warning
         errors are found, the badmin command prompts you to
         display detailed messages.
.sp 2
         You can run the badmin gpdckconfig command only on the
         management host or management candidate hosts in the
         Global Policy Daemon Cluster (GPD Cluster).
.sp 2
         \fB-v\fR
.br
                  Verbose mode. Displays detailed messages about
                  configuration file checking to stderr.
.sp 2
\fBgpddebug [-c \fIclass_name\fB ...] [-l \fIdebug_level\fB] [-f
\fIlogfile_name\fB] [-o]\fR
.br
         Sets the message log level for the gpolicyd daemon to
         include additional information in log files. You must be
         \fRroot\fR or the LSF administrator to use this command.
.sp 2
         If the command is used without any options, the
         following default values are used:
.sp 2
         \fB\fR\fIclass_name\fR\fB\fR
.br
                  Not defined (no additional classes are logged).
.sp 2
         \fB\fR\fIdebug_level\fR=0\fB\fR
.br
                  As specified but the \fRLOG_DEBUG\fR level in
                  the \fBLSF_LOG_MASK\fR parameter.
.sp 2
         \fB\fR\fIlogfile_name\fR\fB\fR
.br
                  Not defined (LSF system log file in the LSF
                  system log file directory, in the format
                  \fRgpolicyd.log.\fIhost_name\fR\fR).
.sp 2
         \fB-c \fIclass_name\fB ...\fR
.br
                  Specifies software classes for which debug
                  messages are to be logged.
.sp 2
                  By default, \fIclass_name\fR is not defined and
                  no additional classes are logged.
.sp 2
                  The format of \fIclass_name\fR is the name of a
                  class, or a list of class names separated by
                  spaces and enclosed in quotation marks. Classes
                  are also listed in the \fRlsf.h\fR header file.
.sp 2
                  The following log classes are supported:
.sp 2
                  \fB\fRLC_AUTH\fB\fR
.br
                           Log authentication messages.
.sp 2
                  \fB\fRLC_COMM\fB\fR
.br
                           Log communication messages.
.sp 2
                  \fB\fRLC_SYS\fB\fR
.br
                           Log system call messages.
.sp 2
                  \fB\fRLC_TRACE\fB\fR
.br
                           Log significant program walk steps.
.sp 2
                  \fB\fRLC_XDR\fB\fR
.br
                           Log everything that is transferred by
                           XDR.
.sp 2
                  \fB\fRLC_XDRVERSION\fB\fR
.br
                           Log messages for XDR version.
.sp 2
                  \fB\fRLC2_G_FAIR\fB\fR
.br
                           Log global fairshare messages.
.sp 2
         \fB-l \fIdebug_level\fB\fR
.br
                  Specifies level of detail in debug messages.
                  The higher the number, the more detail that is
                  logged. Higher levels include all lower levels.
.sp 2
                  \fIdebug_level\fR has the following values:
.sp 2
                  \fBDefault: \fR0\fB\fR
.br
                           \fBLOG_DEBUG\fR level in parameter
                           \fBLSF_LOG_MASK\fR.
.sp 2
                  \fB\fR0\fB\fR
.br
                           \fBLOG_DEBUG\fR level for parameter
                           \fBLSF_LOG_MASK\fR in the lsf.conf
                           file.
.sp 2
                  \fB\fR1\fB\fR
.br
                           \fBLOG_DEBUG1\fR level for extended
                           logging. A higher level includes lower
                           logging levels. For example, the
                           \fBLOG_DEBUG1\fR level includes the
                           \fBLOG_DEBUG\fR level.
.sp 2
                  \fB\fR2\fB\fR
.br
                           \fBLOG_DEBUG2\fR level for extended
                           logging. A higher level includes lower
                           logging levels. For example, the
                           \fBLOG_DEBUG2\fR level includes
                           \fBLOG_DEBUG1\fR and \fBLOG_DEBUG\fR
                           levels.
.sp 2
                  \fB\fR3\fB\fR
.br
                           \fBLOG_DEBUG3\fR level for extended
                           logging. A higher level includes lower
                           logging levels. For example, the
                           \fBLOG_DEBUG3\fR level includes
                           \fBLOG_DEBUG2\fR, \fBLOG_DEBUG1\fR,
                           and \fBLOG_DEBUG\fR levels.
.sp 2
         \fB-f \fIlogfile_name\fB\fR
.br
                  Specifies the name of the file into which
                  debugging messages are to be logged. A file
                  name with or without a full path can be
                  specified.
.sp 2
                  If a file name without a path is specified, the
                  file is saved in the LSF system log directory.
.sp 2
                  The name of the file that is created has the
                  following format:
.sp 2
                  \fR\fIlogfile_name\fR.gpolicyd.log\fI.host_name\fR\fR
.sp 2
                  On UNIX, if the specified path is not valid,
                  the log file is created in the /tmp directory.
.sp 2
                  On Windows, if the specified path is not valid,
                  no log file is created.
.sp 2
                  By default, \fIlogfile_name\fR is the current
                  LSF system log file in the LSF system log file
                  directory.
.sp 2
         \fB-o\fR
.br
                  Turns off temporary debug settings and resets
                  them to the daemon start state. The message log
                  level is reset back to the value of
                  \fBLSF_LOG_MASK\fR and classes are reset to the
                  value of \fBLSB_DEBUG_GPD\fR.
.sp 2
                  The log file is also reset back to the default
                  log file.
.sp 2
\fBgpdrestart [-v] [-f]\fR
.br
         Dynamically reconfigures LSF global policies and
         restarts the gpolicyd daemon.
.sp 2
         The global policy configuration file lsb.globalpolicies
         is checked for errors and the results are printed to
         stderr. If no errors are found, the lsb.globalpolicies
         file is reloaded and the gpolicyd daemon is restarted.
.sp 2
         If warning errors are found, the badmin command prompts
         you to display detailed messages. If unrecoverable
         errors are found, the gpolicyd daemon is not restarted,
         and the badmin command exits.
.sp 2
         You can run the badmin gpdrestart command only on the
         management host or management candidate hosts in the
         Global Policy Daemon Cluster (GPD Cluster).
.sp 2
         \fB-v \fR
.br
                  Verbose mode. Displays detailed messages about
                  the status of configuration files. All messages
                  from configuration checking are printed to
                  stderr.
.sp 2
         \fB-f\fR
.br
                  Disables interaction and proceeds with the
                  gpolicyd daemon restart if configuration files
                  contain no unrecoverable errors.
.sp 2
\fBgpdtime [-l \fItiming_level\fB] [-f \fIlogfile_name\fB]
[-o]\fR
.br
         Sets the timing level for the gpolicyd daemon to include
         extra timing information in log files. You must be
         \fRroot\fR or the LSF administrator to use this command.
.sp 2
         If the command is used without any options, the
         following default values are used:
.sp 2
         \fB\fR\fItiming_level\fR\fB\fR
.br
                  Not defined (timing information is recorded).
.sp 2
         \fB\fR\fIlogfile_name\fR\fB\fR
.br
                  Not defined (current LSF system log file in the
                  LSF system log file directory, in the format
                  \fRgpolicyd.log.\fIhost_name\fR\fR).
.sp 2
         \fB-l \fItiming_level\fB\fR
.br
                  Specifies the detail of timing information that
                  is included in log files. Timing messages
                  indicate the execution time of functions in the
                  software and are logged in milliseconds.
.sp 2
                  The following values are supported:
                  \fR1|2|3|4|5\fR
.sp 2
                  The higher the number, the more functions in
                  the software that are timed and whose execution
                  time is logged. The lower numbers include more
                  common software functions. Higher levels
                  include all lower levels.
.sp 2
                  By default no timing information is logged.
.sp 2
         \fB-f \fIlogfile_name\fB\fR
.br
                  Specify the name of the file into which timing
                  messages are to be logged. A file name with or
                  without a full path can be specified.
.sp 2
                  If a file name without a path is specified, the
                  file is saved in the LSF system log file
                  directory.
.sp 2
                  The name of the file that is created has the
                  following format:
.sp 2
                  logfile_name.gpolicyd.log.host_name
.sp 2
                  On UNIX, if the specified path is not valid,
                  the log file is created in the /tmp directory.
.sp 2
                  On Windows, if the specified path is not valid,
                  no log file is created.
.sp 2
                  \fBNote: \fRBoth timing and debug messages are
                  logged in the same files.
.sp 2
                  The default is the current LSF system log file
                  in the LSF system log file directory, in the
                  format gpolicyd.log.\fIhost_name\fR.
.sp 2
         \fB-o\fR
.br
                  Optional. Turns off temporary timing settings
                  and resets them to the daemon start state. The
                  timing level is reset back to the value of the
                  parameter for the corresponding daemon
                  (LSB_TIME_GPD).
.sp 2
                  The log file is also reset back to the default
                  log file.
.sp 2
\fBhclose [-C \fIcomment\fB] [-i "\fIlock_id\fR"]
[\fIhost_name\fB ... | \fIhost_group\fB ... | \fIcompute_unit\fB
 ... | all]\fR
.br
         Closes batch server hosts. Specify the names of any
         server hosts, host groups, or compute units. All batch
         server hosts are closed if the reserved word all is
         specified. If no argument is specified, the local host
         is assumed. A closed host does not accept any new jobs,
         but jobs that are already dispatched to the host are not
         affected. This behavior is different from a host closed
         by a window; all jobs on a host are suspended when a
         time window closes on the host.
.sp 2
         If the host is already closed, this command option has
         no effect unless you specify the -i option to attach a
         lock ID to the host.
.sp 2
         \fB-C \fIcomment\fB\fR
.br
                  Logs the text as an administrator comment
                  record to the lsb.events file. The maximum
                  length of the comment string is 512 characters.
.sp 2
                  If you close a host group or compute unit, each
                  member is displayed with the same comment
                  string.
.sp 2
                  You cannot use the badmin hopen command to open
                  a host that was borrowed through LSF resource
                  connector that is in \fRclosed_RC\fR status.
.sp 2
         \fB-i "\fIlock_id\fB"\fR
.br
                  Closes the host and attaches the specified lock
                  ID to the closed host. Each lock ID is a string
                  that can contain up to 128 alphanumeric and
                  underscore (\fR_\fR) characters. The keyword
                  all is reserved and cannot be used as the lock
                  ID. A closed host can have multiple lock IDs,
                  and the host remains closed until there are no
                  more lock IDs attached to the host.
.sp 2
                  Use -i together with the -C option to attach an
                  administrator message to the lock ID.
.sp 2
                  If you try to attach a lock ID that is already
                  attached to the host (even with a different
                  comment), the command fails for that host.
.sp 2
                  Use the badmin hopen -i command option to
                  remove one or more lock IDs from a host.
.sp 2
                  This allows multiple users to keep a host
                  closed for different reasons. For example,
                  userA might be updating an application while
                  userB is configuring the operating system. The
                  host remains closed until both users complete
                  their updates and open the host using their
                  specific lock IDs.
.sp 2
\fBhelp [\fIcommand\fB ...] | ? [\fIcommand\fB ...]\fR
.br
         Displays the syntax and functions of the specified
         commands.
.sp 2
\fBhghostadd [-C \fIcomment\fB] \fIhost_group\fB |
\fIcompute_unit\fB |\fIhost_name\fB [\fIhost_name\fB ...]\fR
.br
         If dynamic host configuration is enabled, dynamically
         adds hosts to a host group or compute unit. After the
         mbatchd daemon receives the host information from the
         LIM on the management host, it dynamically adds the host
         without triggering reconfiguration.
.sp 2
         After the host is added to the host group or compute
         unit, it is considered part of that group for scheduling
         decisions for newly submitted jobs and for existing
         pending jobs.
.sp 2
         This command fails if any of the specified host groups,
         compute units, or host names are not valid.
.sp 2
         \fBRestriction: \fRIf EGO-enabled SLA scheduling is
         configured through the \fBENABLE_DEFAULT_EGO_SLA\fR
         parameter in the lsb.params file, you cannot use the
         hghostadd subcommand because all host allocation is
         under control of enterprise grid orchestrator (EGO).
.sp 2
         \fB-C \fIcomment\fB\fR
.br
                  Logs the text as an administrator comment
                  record to the lsb.events file. The maximum
                  length of the comment string is 512 characters.
.sp 2
\fBhghostdel [-f] [-C \fIcomment\fB] \fIhost_group\fB |
\fIcompute_unit\fB |\fIhost_name\fB [\fIhost_name\fB ...]\fR
.br
         Dynamically deletes hosts from a host group or compute
         unit by triggering reconfiguration of the mbatchd
         daemon.
.sp 2
         This command fails if any of the specified host groups,
         compute units, or host names are not valid.
.sp 2
         \fBCAUTION: \fR
.sp 2
         To change a dynamic host to a static host, first use the
         command badmin hghostdel to remove the dynamic host from
         any host group or compute unit that it belongs to. Then,
         configure the host as a static host in the
         lsf.cluster.\fIcluster_name\fR file.
.sp 2
         \fBRestriction: \fRIf EGO-enabled SLA scheduling is
         configured through the \fBENABLE_DEFAULT_EGO_SLA\fR
         parameter in the lsb.params file, you cannot use the
         hghostdel subcommand because all host allocation is
         under control of enterprise grid orchestrator (EGO).
.sp 2
         \fB-f\fR
.br
                  Disables interaction and does not ask for
                  confirmation when reconfiguring mbatchd.
.sp 2
         \fB-C \fIcomment\fB\fR
.br
                  Logs the text as an administrator comment
                  record to the lsb.events file. The maximum
                  length of the comment string is 512 characters.
.sp 2
\fBhhist [-t \fItime0\fB,\fItime1\fB] [-f \fIlogfile_name\fB]
[\fIhost_name\fB ...]\fR
.br
         Displays historical events for specified hosts, or for
         all hosts if no host is specified. Host events are host
         opening and closing. Also, both badmin command and
         policy- or job triggered power-related events (suspend,
         resume, reset) are displayed.
.sp 2
         \fB-t \fItime0\fB,\fItime1\fB\fR
.br
                  Displays only those events that occurred during
                  the period from \fItime0\fR to \fItime1\fR. See
                  the bhist command for the time format. The
                  default is to display all host events in the
                  event log file.
.sp 2
         \fB-f \fIlogfile_name\fB\fR
.br
                  Specify the file name of the event log file.
                  Either an absolute or a relative path name can
                  be specified. The default is to use the current
                  event log file in the LSF system:
                  LSB_SHAREDIR/\fIcluster_name\fR/logdir/lsb.events.
                  Option -f is useful for offline analysis.
.sp 2
         If you specified an administrator comment with the -C
         option of the host control commands hclose or hopen,
         hhist displays the comment text.
.sp 2
\fBhist [-t \fItime0\fB,\fItime1\fB] [-f \fIlogfile_name\fB]\fR
.br
         Displays historical events for all the queues, hosts,
         and mbatchd. Both badmin command and policy- or
         job-triggered power-related events (suspend, resume,
         reset) are displayed.
.sp 2
         \fB-t \fItime0\fB,\fItime1\fB\fR
.br
                  Displays only those events that occurred during
                  the period from \fItime0\fR to \fItime1\fR. See
                  bhist for the time format. The default is to
                  display all queue events in the event log file.
.sp 2
         \fB-f \fIlogfile_name\fB\fR
.br
                  Specify the file name of the event log file.
                  Either an absolute or a relative path name can
                  be specified. The default is to use the current
                  event log file in the LSF system:
                  LSB_SHAREDIR/\fIcluster_name\fR/logdir/lsb.events
                  file. Option -f is useful for offline analysis.
.sp 2
         If you specified an administrator comment with the -C
         option of the queue, host, and mbatchd daemon commands,
         the hist option displays the comment text.
.sp 2
\fBhopen [-C \fIcomment\fB] [-i "\fIlock_id\fR ... | all"]
[\fIhost_name\fB ... | \fIhost_group\fB] [\fIhost_name\fB ... |
\fIhost_group\fB ... | \fIcompute_unit\fB ... | all]\fR
.br
         Opens batch server hosts. Specify the names of any
         server hosts, host groups, or compute units. All batch
         server hosts are opened if the reserved word all is
         specified. If no host, host group, or compute unit is
         specified, the local host is assumed. A host accepts
         batch jobs if it is open.
.sp 2
         \fBImportant: \fRIf EGO-enabled SLA scheduling is
         configured through the \fBENABLE_DEFAULT_EGO_SLA\fR
         parameter in the lsb.paramsfile, and a host is closed by
         EGO, it cannot be reopened by the badmin hopen command.
         Hosts closed by EGO have status \fRclosed_EGO\fR in the
         bhosts -l command output.
.sp 2

.sp 2
         \fB-C \fIcomment\fB\fR
.br
                  Logs the text as an administrator comment
                  record to the lsb.events file. The maximum
                  length of the comment string is 512 characters.
.sp 2
                  If you open a host group or compute unit, each
                  member is displayed with the same comment
                  string.
.sp 2
         \fB-i "\fIlock_id\fB ... | all"\fR
.br
                  Removes the specified lock IDs from the closed
                  host. Also opens the host if there are no more
                  lock IDs remaining on the host.
.sp 2
                  Use a space to separate multiple lock IDs. Use
                  the all keyword to remove all lock IDs and to
                  open the host.
.sp 2
                  This allows multiple users to keep a host
                  closed for different reasons. For example,
                  userA might be updating an application while
                  userB is configuring the operating system. The
                  host remains closed until both users complete
                  their tasks and open the host using their
                  specific lock IDs.
.sp 2
\fBhpower [suspend | resume] [-C \fIcomment\fB] [hostname...]\fR
.br
         Manually switches hosts between a power-saving state or
         a working state.
.sp 2
         \fBsuspend | resume\fR
.br
                  The state that you want to switch the host to.
.sp 2
         \fB-C \fIcomment\fB\fR
.br
                  Logs the text as an administrator comment
                  record to the lsb.events file. The maximum
                  length of the comment string is 512 characters.
.sp 2
\fBhrestart\fR
.br
         This subcommand is obsolete in LSF Version 10.1 Fix Pack
         11. Use the bctrld restart sbd command instead to
         restart the sbatchd daemon.
.sp 2
\fBhshutdown\fR
.br
         This subcommand is obsolete in LSF Version 10.1 Fix Pack
         11. Use the bctrld stop sbd command instead to shut down
         the sbatchd daemon.
.sp 2
\fBhstartup\fR
.br
         This subcommand is obsolete in LSF Version 10.1 Fix Pack
         11. Use the bctrld start sbd command instead to start
         the sbatchd daemon.
.sp 2
\fBmbddebug [-c \fIclass_name\fB ...] [-l \fIdebug_level\fB] [-f
\fIlogfile_name\fB] [-o] [-s \fIlog_queue_size\fR]\fR
.br
         Sets message log level for the mbatchd daemon to include
         additional information in log files. You must be root or
         the LSF administrator to use this command.
.sp 2
         \fB-s \fIlog_queue_size\fB\fR
.br
                  Specifies the maximum number of entries in the
                  logging queue that the mbatchd logging thread
                  uses. Specify an integer 100 - 500000. This
                  value temporarily overrides the value of the
                  \fBLSF_LOG_QUEUE_SIZE\fR parameter in the
                  lsf.conf file. The logging queue contains the
                  messages to be written to the log files.
.sp 2
                  If the \fBLSF_LOG_THREAD=N\fR parameter is
                  defined in the lsf.conf file, the -s option is
                  ignored.
.sp 2
         See the sbddebug subcommand for an explanation of the
         other options.
.sp 2
         For the -c option, the mdbdebug subcommand has the
         following valid log classes in addition to the valid log
         classes for the sbddebug subcommand:
.sp 2
         \fB\fRLC2_EST\fB\fR
.br
                  Log messages for the simulation-based
                  estimator. You cannot use the mbddebug
                  subcommand to change this log class.
.sp 2
         \fB\fRLC2_G_FAIR\fB\fR
.br
                  Log messages for global fairshare.
.sp 2
\fBmbdhist [-t \fItime0\fB,\fItime1\fB] [-f
\fIlogfile_name\fB]\fR
.br
         Displays historical events for the mbatchd daemon.
         Events describe the starting and exiting of the mbatchd
         daemon.
.sp 2
         \fB-t \fItime0\fB,\fItime1\fB\fR
.br
                  Displays only those events that occurred during
                  the period from \fItime0\fR to \fItime1\fR. See
                  the bhist command for the time format. The
                  default is to display all queue events in the
                  event log file.
.sp 2
         \fB-f \fIlogfile_name\fB\fR
.br
                  Specify the file name of the event log file.
                  Specify either an absolute or a relative path
                  name. The default is to use the current event
                  log file that is in the LSF system:
                  LSB_SHAREDIR/\fIcluster_name\fR/logdir/lsb.events.
                  Option -f is useful for offline analysis.
.sp 2
         If you specified an administrator comment with the -C
         option of the mbdrestart subcommand, the mbdhist
         subcommand displays the comment text.
.sp 2
\fBmbdrestart [-C \fIcomment\fB] [-v] [-f] [-p | -s]\fR
.br
         Dynamically reconfigures LSF and restarts the mbatchd
         and mbschd daemons. When live configuration with the
         bconf command is enabled (the \fBLSF_LIVE_CONFDIR\fR
         parameter is defined in the lsf.conffile), the badmin
         mbdrestart command uses the configuration files that are
         generated by the bconf command.
.sp 2
         Configuration files are checked for errors and the
         results are printed to stderr. If no errors are found,
         configuration files are reloaded, the mbatchd and mbschd
         daemons are restarted, and events in the lsb.events file
         are replayed to recover the running state of the last
         mbatchd daemon. While the mbatchd daemon restarts, it is
         unavailable to service requests.
.sp 2
         If warning errors are found, the badmin command prompts
         you to display detailed messages. If unrecoverable
         errors are found, the mbatchd and mbschd daemons do not
         restart, and the badmin command exits.
.sp 2
         \fBImportant: \fRIf the lsb.events file is large, or
         many jobs are running, restarting the mbatchd daemon can
         take several minutes. If you need to reload only the
         configuration files, use the badmin reconfig command.
.sp 2
         \fB-C comment\fR
.br
                  Logs the text of comment as an administrator
                  comment record to the lsb.events file. The
                  maximum length of the comment string is 512
                  characters.
.sp 2
         \fB-v \fR
.br
                  Verbose mode. Displays detailed messages about
                  the status of configuration files. All messages
                  from configuration checking are printed to
                  stderr.
.sp 2
         \fB-f\fR
.br
                  Disables interaction and forces reconfiguration
                  and mbatchd daemon restart to proceed if
                  configuration files contain no unrecoverable
                  errors.
.sp 2
         \fB-p\fR
.br
                  Allows parallel mbatchd daemon restarts.
                  Restart forks a child mbatchd daemon process to
                  help minimize downtime for LSF. LSF starts a
                  new or child mbatchd daemon process to read the
                  configuration files and replay the event file.
                  The old mbatchd daemon can respond to client
                  commands, handle job scheduling and status
                  updates, dispatching, and updating new events
                  to event files. When restart is complete, the
                  child takes over as mbatchd daemon, and the old
                  mbatchd daemon dies.
.sp 2
                  This option is the default behavior for mbatchd
                  daemon restarts. Use the -s option to use
                  serial mbatchd daemon restarts.
.sp 2
         \fB-s\fR
.br
                  Allows serial mbatchd daemon restarts. Use this
                  option to change the default mbatchd deamon
                  behavior, which is to restart in parallel.
.sp 2
\fBmbdtime [-l \fItiming_level\fB] [-f \fIlogfile_name\fB]
[-o]\fR
.br
         Sets timing level for the mbatchd daemon to include
         extra timing information in log files. You must be root
         or the LSF administrator to use this command.
.sp 2
\fBperflog [-t sample_period] [-f logfile_name] [-d duration] |
[-o]]\fR
.br
         This feature is useful for troubleshooting large
         clusters where a cluster might not be responding due to
         mbatchd daemon performance problems. In such cases, the
         mbatchd daemon performance might be slow in handling
         high volume request, such as job submission, job status
         requests, and job \fRrusage\fR requests.
.sp 2
         \fB-t\fR
.br
                  Specifies the sampling period in minutes for
                  performance metric collection. The default
                  value is 5 minutes.
.sp 2
         \fB-f\fR
.br
                  Specifies a log file in which to save the
                  information. It is either a file name or a full
                  path file name. If you do not specify the path
                  for the log file, then its default path is
                  used. The default name for the log file is
                  mbatchd.perflog.<\fIhost_name\fR>.
.sp 2
                  The owner of the log file is the user who is
                  specified in the \fBLSF_ADMIN\fR parameter. The
                  log file permissions are the same as mbatchd
                  daemon log permissions. Everyone has read and
                  execute access, but the \fBLSF_ADMIN\fR user
                  has write, read and execute access.
.sp 2
         \fB-d\fR
.br
                  The duration in minutes to keep logging
                  performance metric data. The mbatchd daemon
                  does not log messages after the duration
                  expires, or until you stop it manually, restart
                  the mbatchd daemon, or reconfigure with the
                  reconfig mbatchd command. The default value for
                  the duration is infinite. By default,
                  performance metric data is always logged).
.sp 2
         \fB-o\fR
.br
                  Turns off dynamic performance metric logging
                  (stop logging). If the
                  \fBLSB_ENABLE_PERF_METRICS_LOG\fR parameter is
                  enabled, logging returns to the static
                  configuration.
.sp 2
\fBperfmon start [\fIsample_period\fB] | setperiod
\fIsample_period\fB | stop | view [-json]\fR
.br
         Dynamically enables and controls scheduler performance
         metric collection.
.sp 2
         Collecting and recording performance metric data might
         affect the performance of LSF. Smaller sampling periods
         can cause the lsb.streams file to grow faster.
.sp 2
         The following metrics are collected and recorded in each
         sample period:
.sp 2
         *  The number of queries that are handled by mbatchd
.sp 2
         *  The number of queries for each of jobs, queues, and
            hosts. (bjobs, bqueues, and bhosts commands, and
            other daemon requests)
.sp 2
         *  The number of jobs submitted (divided into job
            submission requests and jobs submitted)
.sp 2
         *  The number of jobs dispatched
.sp 2
         *  The number of jobs reordered; that is, the number of
            jobs that reused the resource allocation of a
            finished job (the \fBRELAX_JOB_DISPATCH_ORDER\fR
            parameter in the lsb.params or lsb.queues file)
.sp 2
         *  The number of jobs completed
.sp 2
         *  The numbers of jobs that are sent to remote cluster
.sp 2
         *  The numbers of jobs that are accepted by from cluster
.sp 2
         *  The file descriptors that are used by the mbatchd
            daemon
.sp 2
         *  The following scheduler performance metrics are
            collected:
.sp 2
            *  A shorter scheduling interval means that the job
               is processed more quickly
.sp 2
            *  Number of different resource requirement patterns
               for jobs in use, which might lead to different
               candidate host groups. The more matching hosts
               that are required, the longer it takes to find
               them, which means a longer scheduling session.
.sp 2
            *  Number of buckets (groups) in which jobs are put
               based on resource requirements and different
               scheduling policies. More buckets means a longer
               scheduling session.
.sp 2
         \fBstart [\fIsample_period\fB]\fR
.br
                  Start performance metric collection dynamically
                  and specify an optional sampling period in
                  seconds for performance metric collection.
.sp 2
                  If no sampling period is specified, the default
                  period set in the
                  \fBSCHED_METRIC_SAMPLE_PERIOD\fR parameter in
                  the lsb.params file is used.
.sp 2
         \fBstop\fR
.br
                  Stop performance metric collection dynamically.
.sp 2
         \fBview\fR
.br
                  Display performance metric information for the
                  current sampling period.
.br
                  When used with the [-json] option it will
                  display the output in json format. This allows
                  for better parsing and translation into graph
                  format.
.sp 2
         \fBsetperiod \fIsample_period\fB\fR
.br
                  Set a new sampling period in seconds.
.sp 2
\fBqact [-C \fIcomment\fB] [\fIqueue_name\fB ... | all]\fR
.br
         Activates a deactivated queue so that submitted jobs are
         dispatched from the queue. If the reserved word all is
         specified, the qact subcommand activates all queues. If
         no queue name is specified, the system \fRdefault\fR
         queue is activated. Jobs in a queue can be dispatched
         only if the queue is activated.
.sp 2
         A queue that is inactivated by its run windows cannot be
         reactivated by this command.
.sp 2
         \fB-C \fIcomment\fB\fR
.br
                  Logs the text of the comment as an
                  administrator comment record to the lsb.events
                  file. The maximum length of the comment string
                  is 512 characters.
.sp 2
\fBqclose [-C \fIcomment\fB] [\fIqueue_name\fB ... | all]\fR
.br
         Closes a queue to prevent jobs from being submitted to
         the queue. If the reserved word all is specified, the
         qclose subcommand closes all queues. If no queue name is
         specified, the system \fRdefault\fR queue is closed. A
         queue does not accept submitted LSF jobs if it is
         closed.
.sp 2
         \fB-C \fIcomment\fB\fR
.br
                  Logs the text as an administrator comment
                  record to lsb.events. The maximum length of the
                  comment string is 512 characters.
.sp 2
\fBqhist [-t \fItime0\fB,\fItime1\fB] [-f \fIlogfile_name\fB]
[\fIqueue_name\fB ...]\fR
.br
         Displays historical events for specified queues, or for
         all queues if no queue is specified. Queue events are
         queue opening, closing, activating, and inactivating.
.sp 2
         \fB-t \fItime0\fB,\fItime1\fB\fR
.br
                  Displays only those events that occurred during
                  the period from \fItime0\fR to \fItime1\fR. See
                  the bhist command for the time format. The
                  default is to display all queue events in the
                  event log file.
.sp 2
         \fB-f \fIlogfile_name\fB\fR
.br
                  Specifies the file name of the event log file.
                  Either an absolute or a relative path name can
                  be specified. The default is to use the current
                  event log file in the LSF system:
                  LSB_SHAREDIR/\fIcluster_name\fR/logdir/lsb.events.
                  Option -f is useful for offline analysis.
.sp 2
         If you specified an administrator comment with the -C
         option of the queue control subcommands qclose, qopen,
         qact, and qinact, the qhist subcommand displays the
         comment text.
.sp 2
\fBqinact [-C \fIcomment\fB] [\fIqueue_name\fB ... | all]\fR
.br
         Deactivates a queue to stop submitted jobs from being
         dispatched from the queue. If the reserved word all is
         specified, all queues are deactivated. If no queue name
         is specified, the system \fRdefault\fR queue is
         deactivated. Jobs in a queue cannot be dispatched if the
         queue is inactivated.
.sp 2
         \fB-C \fIcomment\fB\fR
.br
                  Logs the text as an administrator comment
                  record to the lsb.events file. The maximum
                  length of the comment string is 512 characters.
.sp 2
\fBqopen [-C \fIcomment\fB] [\fIqueue_name\fB ... | all]\fR
.br
         Opens a closed queue so users can submit jobs to it. If
         the reserved word all is specified, the qopen subcommand
         opens all queues. If no queue name is specified, the
         system \fRdefault\fR queue is opened. A queue accepts
         submitted LSF jobs only if it is open.
.sp 2
         \fB-C \fIcomment\fB\fR
.br
                  Logs the text of comment as an administrator
                  comment record to lsb.events. The maximum
                  length of the comment string is 512 characters.
.sp 2
\fBquit\fR
.br
         Exits the badmin command session.
.sp 2
\fBreconfig [-v] [-f]\fR
.br
         Dynamically reconfigures LSF.
.sp 2
         Configuration files are checked for errors and the
         results are displayed to stderr. If no errors are found
         in the configuration files, a reconfiguration request is
         sent to the mbatchd daemon and configuration files are
         reloaded. When live configuration with the bconf command
         is enabled (the \fBLSF_LIVE_CONFDIR\fR parameter is
         defined in the lsf.conffile), the badmin reconfig
         command uses the configuration files that are generated
         by the bconf command.
.sp 2
         \fBImportant: \fRThe reconfig subcommand does not
         restart the mbatchd daemon and does not replay the
         lsb.events file. To restart the mbatchd daemon and
         replay the lsb.events file, use the badmin mbdrestart
         command.
.sp 2
         When you use this command, the mbatchd daemon is
         available to service requests while reconfiguration
         files are reloaded. Configuration changes made since
         system boot or the last reconfiguration take effect.
.sp 2
         If warning errors are found, the badmin command prompts
         you to display detailed messages. If unrecoverable
         errors are found, reconfiguration fails, and the badmin
         command exits.
.sp 2
         If you add a host to a queue or to a host group or
         compute unit, the new host is not recognized by jobs
         that were submitted before you reconfigured. If you want
         the new host to be recognized, you must use the command
         badmin mbdrestart.
.sp 2
         Resource requirements that are determined by the queue
         no longer apply to a running job after you use the
         badmin reconfig command. For example, if you change the
         \fBRES_REQ\fR parameter in a queue and reconfigure the
         cluster, the previous queue-level resource requirements
         for running jobs are lost.
.sp 2
         \fB-v\fR
.br
                  Verbose mode. Displays detailed messages about
                  the status of the configuration files. Without
                  this option, the default is to display the
                  results of configuration file checking. All
                  messages from the configuration file check are
                  printed to stderr.
.sp 2
         \fB-f\fR
.br
                  Disables interaction and proceeds with
                  reconfiguration if configuration files contain
                  no unrecoverable errors.
.sp 2
\fBsbddebug [-c \fIclass_name\fB ...] [-l \fIdebug_level\fB] [-f
\fIlogfile_name\fB] [-o] [\fIhost_name\fB ...]\fR
.br
         Sets the message log level for the sbatchd daemon to
         include additional information in log files. You must be
         \fRroot\fR or the LSF administrator to use this command.
.sp 2
         In LSF multicluster capability, debug levels can be set
         only for hosts within the same cluster. For example, you
         cannot set debug or timing levels from a host in
         \fRclusterA\fR for a host in \fRclusterB\fR. You need to
         be on a host in \fRclusterB\fR to set up debug or timing
         levels for \fRclusterB\fR hosts.
.sp 2
         If the command is used without any options, the
         following default values are used:
.sp 2
         \fB\fR\fIclass_name\fR=0\fB\fR
.br
                  No additional classes are logged.
.sp 2
         \fB\fR\fIdebug_level\fR=0\fB\fR
.br
                  \fRLOG_DEBUG\fR level in parameter
                  \fBLSF_LOG_MASK\fR.
.sp 2
         \fB\fR\fIlogfile_name\fR\fIdaemon_name\fR.log.\fIhost_name\fR\fB\fR
.br
                  LSF system log file in the LSF system log file
                  directory, in the format
                  \fR\fIdaemon_name\fR.log.\fIhost_name\fR\fR.
.sp 2
         \fB\fR\fIhost_name\fR=\fIlocal_host\fR\fB\fR
.br
                  Host from which the command was submitted.
.sp 2
         \fB-c \fIclass_name\fB ...\fR
.br
                  Specify software classes for which debug
                  messages are to be logged.
.sp 2
                  \fBNote: \fR Classes are also listed in the
                  lsf.h header file.
.sp 2
                  By default, no additional classes are logged
                  (class name \fR0\fR).
.sp 2
                  The following log classes are supported:
.sp 2
                  \fBLC_ADVRSV and LC2_ADVRSV\fR
.br
                           Log advance reservation modifications.
.sp 2
                  \fBLC2_AFFINITY\fR
.br
                           Log messages that are related to
                           affinity.
.sp 2
                  \fBLC_AFS and LC2_AFS\fR
.br
                           Log AFS messages.
.sp 2
                  \fBLC_AUTH and LC2_AUTH\fR
.br
                           Log authentication messages.
.sp 2
                  \fBLC_CHKPNT and LC2_CHKPNT\fR
.br
                           Log checkpointing messages.
.sp 2
                  \fBLC_COMM and LC2_COMM\fR
.br
                           Log communication messages.
.sp 2
                  \fBLC_DCE and LC2_DCE\fR
.br
                           Log messages that pertain to DCE
                           support.
.sp 2
                  \fBLC_EEVENTD and LC2_EEVENTD\fR
.br
                           Log eeventd daemon messages.
.sp 2
                  \fBLC_ELIM and LC2_ELIM\fR
.br
                           Log ELIM messages.
.sp 2
                  \fBLC_EXEC and LC2_EXEC\fR
.br
                           Log significant steps for job
                           execution.
.sp 2
                  \fBLC_FAIR\fR
.br
                           Log fairshare policy messages.
.sp 2
                  \fBLC_FILE and LC2_FILE\fR
.br
                           Log file transfer messages.
.sp 2
                  \fBLC2_GUARANTEE\fR
.br
                           Log messages that are related to
                           guaranteed SLAs.
.sp 2
                  \fBLC_HANG and LC2_HANG\fR
.br
                           Mark where a program might hang.
.sp 2
                  \fBLC_JARRAY and LC2_JARRAY\fR
.br
                           Log job array messages.
.sp 2
                  \fBLC_JLIMIT and LC2_JLIMIT\fR
.br
                           Log job slot limit messages.
.sp 2
                  \fBLC_LOADINDX and LC2_LOADINDX\fR
.br
                           Log load index messages.
.sp 2
                  \fBLC_M_LOG and LC2_M_LOG\fR
.br
                           Log multievent log messages.
.sp 2
                  \fBLC_MEMORY and LC2_MEMORY\fR
.br
                           Log messages that are related to
                           MEMORY allocation.
.sp 2
                  \fBLC_MPI and LC2_MPI\fR
.br
                           Log MPI messages.
.sp 2
                  \fBLC_MULTI and LC2_MULTI\fR
.br
                           Log messages that pertain to LSF
                           multicluster capability.
.sp 2
                  \fBLC_PEND and LC2_PEND\fR
.br
                           Log messages that are related to job
                           pending reasons.
.sp 2
                  \fBLC_PERFM and LC2_PERFM\fR
.br
                           Log performance messages.
.sp 2
                  \fBLC_PIM and LC2_PIM\fR
.br
                           Log PIM messages.
.sp 2
                  \fBLC_PREEMPT and LC2_PREEMPT\fR
.br
                           Log preemption policy messages.
.sp 2
                  \fBLC2_RC\fR
.br
                           Log resource connector messages.
.sp 2
                  \fBLC_RESOURCE and LC2_RESOURCE\fR
.br
                           Log messages that are related to
                           resource broker.
.sp 2
                  \fBLC_RESREQ and LC2_RESREQ\fR
.br
                           Log resource requirement messages.
.sp 2
                  \fBLC_SCHED and LC2_SCHED\fR
.br
                           Log messages that pertain to the batch
                           scheduler.
.sp 2
                  \fBLC_SIGNAL and LC2_SIGNAL\fR
.br
                           Log messages that pertain to signals.
.sp 2
                  \fBLC_SYS and LC2_SYS\fR
.br
                           Log system call messages.
.sp 2
                  \fBLC_TRACE and LC2_TRACE\fR
.br
                           Log significant program walk steps.
.sp 2
                  \fBLC_XDR and LC2_XDR\fR
.br
                           Log everything that is transferred by
                           XDR.
.sp 2
                  \fBLC_XDRVERSION and LC2_XDRVERSION\fR
.br
                           Log messages for XDR version.
.sp 2
         \fB-l \fIdebug_level\fB\fR
.br
                  Specifies level of detail in debug messages.
                  The higher the number, the more detail that is
                  logged. Higher levels include all lower levels.
.sp 2
                  The default is \fR0\fR (LOG_DEBUG level in
                  parameter \fBLSF_LOG_MASK\fR)
.sp 2
                  The following values are supported:
.sp 2
                  \fB\fR0\fB\fR
.br
                           LOG_DEBUG level for parameter
                           \fBLSF_LOG_MASK\fR in the lsf.conf
                           file. \fR0\fR is the default.
.sp 2
                  \fB\fR1\fB\fR
.br
                           LOG_DEBUG1 level for extended logging.
                           A higher level includes lower logging
                           levels. For example, LOG_DEBUG1
                           includes LOG_DEBUG levels.
.sp 2
                  \fB\fR2\fB\fR
.br
                           LOG_DEBUG2 level for extended logging.
                           A higher level includes lower logging
                           levels. For example, LOG_DEBUG2
                           includes LOG_DEBUG1 and LOG_DEBUG
                           levels.
.sp 2
                  \fB\fR3\fB\fR
.br
                           LOG_DEBUG3 level for extended logging.
                           A higher level includes lower logging
                           levels. For example, LOG_DEBUG3
                           includes LOG_DEBUG2, LOG_DEBUG1, and
                           LOG_DEBUG levels.
.sp 2
         \fB-f \fIlogfile_name\fB\fR
.br
                  Specify the name of the file into which
                  debugging messages are to be logged. A file
                  name with or without a full path might be
                  specified.
.sp 2
                  If a file name without a path is specified, the
                  file is saved in the LSF system log directory.
.sp 2
                  The name of the file that is created has the
                  following format:
.sp 2
                  logfile_name.daemon_name.log.host_name
.sp 2
                  On UNIX and Linux, if the specified path is not
                  valid, the log file is created in the /tmp
                  directory.
.sp 2
                  On Windows, if the specified path is not valid,
                  no log file is created.
.sp 2
                  By default, current LSF system log file in the
                  LSF system log file directory is used.
.sp 2
         \fB-o\fR
.br
                  Turns off temporary debug settings and resets
                  them to the daemon start state. The message log
                  level is reset back to the value of
                  \fBLSF_LOG_MASK\fR and classes are reset to the
                  value of \fBLSB_DEBUG_MBD\fR,
                  \fBLSB_DEBUG_SBD\fR.
.sp 2
                  The log file is also reset back to the default
                  log file.
.sp 2
         \fB\fIhost_name\fB ...\fR
.br
                  Optional. Sets debug settings on the specified
                  host or hosts.
.sp 2
                  The default is the local host (the host from
                  which command was submitted).
.sp 2
\fBsbdtime [-l \fItiming_level\fB] [-f \fIlogfile_name\fB] [-o]
[\fIhost_name\fB ...]\fR
.br
         Sets the timing level for the sbatchd daemon to include
         extra timing information in log files. You must be
         \fRroot\fR or the LSF administrator to use this command.
.sp 2
         In LSF multicluster capability, timing levels can be set
         only for hosts within the same cluster. For example, you
         cannot set debug or timing levels from a host in
         \fRclusterA\fR for a host in \fRclusterB\fR. You need to
         be on a host in \fRclusterB\fR to set up debug or timing
         levels for \fRclusterB\fR hosts.
.sp 2
         If the command is used without any options, the
         following default values are used:
.sp 2
         \fB\fR\fItiming_level\fR=no\fB\fR
.br
                  Timing information is recorded.
.sp 2
         \fB\fR\fIlogfile_name\fR=current\fB\fR
.br
                  LSF system log file in the LSF system log file
                  directory, in the format
                  \fR\fIdaemon_name.\fRlog\fI.host_name\fR\fR.
.sp 2
         \fB\fR\fIhost_name=\fRlocal\fB\fR
.br
                  The host from which command was submitted.
.sp 2
         \fB-l \fItiming_level\fB\fR
.br
                  Specifies detail of timing information that is
                  included in log files. Timing messages indicate
                  the execution time of functions in the software
                  and are logged in milliseconds.
.sp 2
                  The following values are supported:
                  \fR1|2|3|4|5\fR
.sp 2
                  The higher the number, the more functions in
                  the software that are timed and whose execution
                  time is logged. The lower numbers include more
                  common software functions. Higher levels
                  include all lower levels.
.sp 2
                  By default, no timing information is logged.
.sp 2
         \fB-f \fIlogfile_name\fB\fR
.br
                  Specify the name of the file into which timing
                  messages are to be logged. A file name with or
                  without a full path can be specified.
.sp 2
                  If a file name without a path is specified, the
                  file is saved in the LSF system log file
                  directory.
.sp 2
                  The name of the file that is created has the
                  following format:
.sp 2
                  logfile_name.daemon_name.log.host_name
.sp 2
                  On UNIX and Linux, if the specified path is not
                  valid, the log file is created in the /tmp
                  directory.
.sp 2
                  On Windows, if the specified path is not valid,
                  no log file is created.
.sp 2
                  \fBNote: \fRBoth timing and debug messages are
                  logged in the same files.
.sp 2
                  The default is the current LSF system log file
                  in the LSF system log file directory, in the
                  format \fIdaemon_name.\fRlog\fI.host_name\fR.
.sp 2
         \fB-o\fR
.br
                  Optional. Turn off temporary timing settings
                  and reset them to the daemon start state. The
                  timing level is reset back to the value of the
                  parameter for the corresponding daemon
                  (\fBLSB_TIME_MBD\fR, \fBLSB_TIME_SBD\fR).
.sp 2
                  The log file is also reset back to the default
                  log file.
.sp 2
         \fB\fIhost_name\fB ...\fR
.br
                  Sets the timing level on the specified host or
                  hosts.
.sp 2
                  The default is the local host from which
                  command was submitted).
.sp 2
\fBschddebug [-c \fIclass_name\fB ...] [-l \fIdebug_level\fB] [-f
\fIlogfile_name\fB] [-o] [-s \fIlog_queue_size\fR]\fR
.br
         Sets message log level for the mbschd demon to include
         additional information in log files. You must be
         \fRroot\fR or the LSF administrator to use this command.
.sp 2
         \fB-s \fIlog_queue_size\fB\fR
.br
                  Specifies the maximum number of entries in the
                  logging queue that is used by the mbschd daemon
                  logging thread. Specify an integer 100 -
                  500000. The logging queue contains the messages
                  to be written to the log files.
.sp 2
                  This option is ignored if the
                  \fRLSF_LOG_THREAD=N\fR parameter is defined in
                  the lsf.conf file.
.sp 2
         See the sbddebug subcommand for an explanation of the
         other options.
.sp 2
\fBschdtime [-l \fItiming_level\fB] [-f] [-o] \fR
.br
         Sets timing level for the mbschd daemon to include extra
         timing information in log files. You must be root or the
         LSF administrator to use this command.
.sp 2
         See the description of the sbdtime subcommand for an
         explanation of options.
.sp 2
\fBsecurity view [-v]\fR
.br
         Shows the configuration of the components for the LSF
         security mechanism.
.sp 2
         \fB-v\fR
.br
                  Verbose mode. Displays a detailed description
                  of the current configuration of the LSF
                  security components. Also displays the optimal
                  configuration if the current setting is not
                  secure.
.sp 2
\fBshowconf mbd | [sbd [\fIhost_name\fB ... | all] | gpd]\fR
.br
         Display all configured parameters and their values set
         in the lsf.conf or ego.conf file that affect the
         mbatchd, sbatchd, and gpolicyd daemons.
.sp 2
         In LSF multicluster capability, the badmin showconf
         command displays only the parameters of daemons on the
         local cluster.
.sp 2
         Running the badmin showconf command from a management
         candidate host reaches all server hosts in the cluster.
         Running the badmin showconf command from a server-only
         host might not be able to reach other server-only hosts.
.sp 2
         The badmin showconf command displays only the values
         that are used by LSF.
.sp 2
         The badmin showconf command displays the value of the
         \fBEGO_MASTER_LIST\fR parameter from wherever it is
         defined. You can define either the \fBLSF_MASTER_LIST\fR
         parameter or the \fBEGO_MASTER_LIST\fR parameter in the
         lsf.conf file. If EGO is enabled in the LSF cluster, LIM
         reads the lsf.conf file first, then the ego.conf file.
         The value of the \fBLSF_MASTER_LIST\fR parameter is
         displayed only if the \fBEGO_MASTER_LIST\fR parameter is
         not defined at all in the ego.conf file.
.sp 2
         For example, if you define the \fBLSF_MASTER_LIST\fR
         parameter in the lsf.conffile, and the
         \fBEGO_MASTER_LIST\fR parameter in the ego.conf file,
         the badmin showconf command displays the value of the
         \fBEGO_MASTER_LIST\fR parameter.
.sp 2
         If EGO is enabled in the LSF cluster, and you define the
         \fBLSF_MASTER_LIST\fR parameter in the lsf.conf file,
         and the \fBEGO_MASTER_LIST\fR parameter in the ego.conf
         file, the badmin showconf command displays the value of
         the \fBEGO_MASTER_LIST\fR parameter in the ego.conf
         file.
.sp 2
         If EGO is disabled, the ego.conf file is not loaded, so
         parameters that are defined in the lsf.conf file are
         displayed.
.sp 2
\fBshowstatus\fR
.br
         Displays current LSF runtime information about the whole
         cluster, including information about hosts, jobs, users,
         user groups, simulation-based estimation, and mbatchd
         daemon startup and reconfiguration.
.SH See also

.sp 2
bhosts, bqueues, lsb.hosts, lsb.params, lsb.queues, lsf.cluster,
lsf.conf, sbatchd, mbatchd, mbschd