
.ad l

.TH blaunch 8 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBblaunch\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Launches parallel tasks on a set of hosts.
.sp 2

.SH Synopsis

.sp 2
\fBblaunch\fR [\fB-n\fR] [\fB-u\fR host_file | \fB-z\fR host_name
 ... | host_name] [\fB-use-login-shell\fR | \fB-no-shell\fR]
command [argument ... ]
.sp 2
\fBblaunch\fR [\fB-h\fR | \fB-V\fR]
.SH Description

.sp 2
\fBImportant: \fRYou cannot run blaunch directly from the command
line.
.sp 2
\fBRestriction: \fRThe command blaunch does not work with user
account mapping. Do not run blaunch on a user account mapping
host.
.sp 2
Most MPI implementations and many distributed applications use
the rsh and ssh commands as their task launching mechanism. The
blaunch command provides a drop-in replacement for the rsh and
ssh commands as a transparent method for launching parallel
applications within LSF.
.sp 2
The blaunch command supports the following core command line
options as rsh and ssh:
.sp 2
*  \fRrsh \fIhost_name\fR \fIcommand\fR\fR
.sp 2
*  \fRssh \fIhost_name\fR \fIcommand\fR\fR
.sp 2
All other rsh and ssh command options are silently ignored.
.sp 2
The blaunch command transparently connects directly to the RES
and sbatchd daemons on the remote host. Remote tasks are created
and tracked, and the connection back to LSF is maintained. You do
not need to insert the pam or taskstarter commands, or any other
wrapper.
.sp 2
The blaunch command works only under LSF. It can be used only to
launch tasks on remote hosts that are part of a job allocation.
It cannot be used as a stand-alone command.
.sp 2
When no host names are specified, LSF runs tasks on all allocated
hosts, one remote task per job slot.
.sp 2
On Windows, the blaunch command is supported on Windows 2000 or
later with the following exceptions:
.sp 2
*  Only the following signals are supported: \fRSIGKILL\fR,
   \fRSIGSTOP\fR, \fRSIGCONT\fR.
.sp 2
*  The -n option is not supported.
.sp 2
*  The \fRCMD.EXE /C <\fIuser_command_line\fR>\fR command is used
   as intermediate command shell when the -no-shell option is not
   specified.
.sp 2
*  The \fRCMD.EXE /C\fR command is not used when the -no-shell
   option is specified.
.sp 2
*  Windows User Account Control must be configured correctly to
   run jobs.
.sp 2
*  Any tasks killed outside of LSF (for example, with the
   taskkill command) are assumed to have a normal exit.
.sp 2
For parallel jobs launched with the blaunch command, job control
actions that are defined in the \fBJOB_CONTROLS\fR parameter in
the lsb.queues file take effect only on the first execution host.
Job control actions that are defined in the queue do not affect
tasks that are running on other hosts. If the \fBJOB_CONTROLS\fR
parameter is defined, the default job control signals of LSF
(\fRSUSPEND\fR, \fRRESUME\fR, \fRTERMINATE\fR) do not reach each
task on each execution host.
.sp 2
For parallel jobs launched with the blaunch command, automatic
job resizing is a signaling mechanism only. It does not expand
the extent of the original job that is launched with the blaunch
command. The resize notification script is required along with a
signal-listening script. The signal-listening script runs more
blaunch commands on notification to allocate the resized
resources to make them available to the job tasks. For help
creating signal listening and notification scripts, contact IBM
Support.
.SH Options

.sp 2
\fB-n\fR
.br
         Standard input is taken from /dev/null. Not supported on
         Windows.
.sp 2
\fB-u \fIhost_file\fB\fR
.br
         Runs the task on all hosts that are listed in the
         \fIhost_file\fR file.
.sp 2
         Specify the path to a file that contains a list of host
         names. Each host name must be listed on a separate line
         in the host list file.
.sp 2
         This option is exclusive of the -z option.
.sp 2
\fB\fIhost_name\fB\fR
.br
         The name of the host where remote tasks are to be
         launched.
.sp 2
\fB-z \fIhost_name\fB ...\fR
.br
         Runs the task on all specified hosts.
.sp 2
         The host name value for rsh and ssh is typically a
         single host name, but you can use the -z option to
         specify a space-delimited list of hosts where tasks are
         started in parallel.
.sp 2
         Specify a list of hosts on which to run the task. If
         multiple host names are specified, the host names must
         be enclosed by quotation marks (\fR"\fR or \fR\(aq\fR) and
         separated by white space.
.sp 2
         This option is exclusive of the -u option.
.sp 2
\fB-use-login-shell \fR
.br
         Launches commands through user\(aqs login shell.
.sp 2
         Applies only to UNIX and Linux hosts.
.sp 2
\fB-no-shell \fR
.br
         Launches commands without any intermediate shell.
.sp 2
\fB\fIcommand\fB [\fIargument\fB ...]\fR
.br
         Specify the command to run. The command must be the last
         argument on the command line.
.sp 2
\fB-h\fR
.br
         Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
\fB-V \fR
.br
         Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.SH Diagnostics

.sp 2
Exit status is 0 if all commands are run correctly.
.SH See also

.sp 2
lsb_getalloc, lsb_launch APIs