
.ad l

.TH brsvmod 8 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBbrsvmod\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Modifies an advance reservation.
.sp 2

.SH Synopsis

.sp 2
\fBbrsvmod\fR [\fB-o\fR | \fB-on\fR] [\fB-d
"\fRdescription\fB"\fR] [\fB-u\fR "user_name ..." | "user_group
 ..." ] [\fB-nosusp\fR | \fB-nonsuspn\fR] [\fB-q "\fRqueue_name
 ...\fB"\fR | \fB-qn\fR] [\fB-E\fR pre_ar_script | \fB-En\fR]
[\fB-Et\fR pre_ar_time | \fB-Etn\fR] [\fB-Ep\fR post_ar_script |
\fB-Epn\fR] [\fB-Ept\fR post_ar_time | \fB-Eptn\fR] [[\fB-b\fR
begin_time | [\fB+\fR|\fB-\fR]minutes] [\fB-e\fR end_time |
[\fB+\fR|\fB-\fR]minutes]] | [\fB-t\fR time_window]
reservation_ID
.sp 2
\fBbrsvmod addhost\fR {\fB-n\fR number_unit \fB-R
"\fRres_req\fB"\fR [\fB-m "\fRhost_name ... | host_group
 ...\fB"\fR]} | {[\fB-n\fR number_unit] \fB-m "\fRhost_name ... |
host_group ...\fB"\fR} \fB-f\fR reservation_ID
.sp 2
\fBbrsvmod\fR \fBadduser\fR \fB-u\fR "user_name ..." |
"user_group ..." reservation_ID
.sp 2
\fBbrsvmod disable\fR {\fB-td
"\fRbegin_date\fB-\fRend_date\fB"\fR | \fB-tn\fR} [\fB-f\fR]
reservation_ID
.sp 2
\fBbrsvmod rmhost\fR {\fB-n\fR number_unit [\fB-m "\fRhost_name
 ... | host_group ...\fB"\fR]} | {[\fB-n\fR number_unit] \fB-m
"\fRhost_name ... | host_group ...\fB"\fR} reservation_ID
.sp 2
\fBbrsvmod\fR \fBrmuser\fR \fB-u\fR "user_name ..." | "user_group
 ..."] reservation_ID
.sp 2
\fBbrsvmod\fR {\fB-h\fR | \fB-V\fR}
.SH Description

.sp 2
\fBImportant: \fR
.sp 2
By default, this command can be used only by LSF administrators
or root.
.sp 2
Replaces advance reservation option values previously created,
extends or reduces the reservation time window, or adds or
removes reserved hosts of the advance reservation that is
specified by \fIreservation_ID\fR. For a recurring reservation,
can disable specified occurrences of the reservation.
.sp 2
Administrators and root can modify any reservations. Users who
are listed in the \fRResourceReservation\fR section of the
lsb.resources file can modify only reservations that they created
themselves.
.sp 2
The original value for user, user group, or time window, can be
overridden with a new value by specifying the option as in
brsvadd. Change a reservation from closed (the default) to open
with the -o option, or from \fRopen\fR to \fRclosed\fR with the
-on option. You can also use the subcommands adduser and rmuser
to add or remove users and user groups that are assigned to the
advance reservation.
.sp 2
Options -n, -m, and -R must be used with the subcommands addhost
or rmhost. These options allow adding or removing from the
original values.
.sp 2
The -td and -tn options are only allowed in the disable
subcommand.
.sp 2
All subcommands are mutually exclusive. The time window options
-b, -e, and -t are not valid in any of the subcommands.
.sp 2
You cannot modify the start time of an active reservation.
.sp 2
The brsvmod command does not support the
\fR\fIreservation_ID\fR@\fIcluster_name\fR\fR notation for
advance reservations on remote clusters, or the
\fR\fIuser_name\fR@\fIcluster_name\fR\fR notation for
reservations with remote users.
.sp 2
The \fInumber_unit\fR requirement of the -n option must be
satisfied. The -m or -R option provides a candidate list for
processing, and triggers an error only if no valid hosts are in
the list. For instance, the following option requires three
slots:
.sp 2
-n 3 -m "host1 host2"
.sp 2
LSF tries to find as many slots as possible from \fRhost1\fR. If
three slots are not available on \fRhost1\fR, LSF tries to find
the rest from \fRhost2\fR. Hosts with no slots available are
removed from the list when the request is handled.
.sp 2
If you do not use the brsvsub command to create a dynamically
scheduled reservation, you can manually add a time window to a
reservation placeholder that was created with the brsvadd -p
option. Use the \fRbrsvmod -b \fIbegin_time\fR -e \fIend_time\fR
\fIreservation_ID\fR\fR command.
.sp 2
To add resources to a placeholder, use the brsvmod addhost
command.
.sp 2
*  By default, a placeholder reservation is a one-time
   reservation. You can’t change a placeholder to a recurring
   reservation.
.sp 2
*  A placeholder reservation with a time window is cleaned when
   the reservation expires.
.SH Subcommands

.sp 2
\fBaddhost {-n \fInumber_unit\fB -R "\fIres_req\fB" [-m
"\fIhost_name\fB ... | \fIhost_group\fB ..."]} | {[-n
\fInumber_unit\fB] -m "\fIhost_name\fB ... | \fIhost_group\fB
 ..."} [-f] \fIreservation_ID\fB\fR
.br
         Adds hosts and slots on hosts into the original
         reservation allocation. The hosts can be local to the
         cluster or hosts that are leased from remote clusters.
.sp 2
         Adding a host without the -n option reserves all
         available hosts or slots on the host that are not
         already reserved by other reservations. The -n cannot be
         used alone. You can specify the number of slots to be
         added from the host list that is specified with the -n
         option. The -m option can be used alone if no host group
         is specified in the list. If you specify the -R option,
         you must also specify the -n option.
.sp 2
         The specified number of units (slots or hosts) must be
         less than or equal to the available number of slots for
         the hosts or hosts themselves.
.sp 2
         \fBRestriction: \fROnly hosts can be added (with the -m
         option) to a system reservation. Slots cannot be added
         (with the -n option) to a system reservation.
.sp 2
\fBadduser -u "\fIuser_name\fB ... | \fIuser_group\fB ..."
\fIreservation_ID\fB\fR
.br
         Adds users and user groups to an advance reservation.
.sp 2
\fBdisable {-td "\fIbegin_date\fB\fR-\fB\fIend_date\fB" | -tn}
[-f] \fIreservation_ID\fB\fR
.br
         Disables specified periods, or instances, of a recurring
         advance reservation. The \fIstart_date\fR and
         \fIend_date\fR represent the start and end date of a
         period in which the reservation is disabled. These
         periods must take one of the following forms:
.sp 2
         *  \fRyyyy:mm:dd-yyyy:mm:dd\fR
.sp 2
         *  \fRmm:dd-mm:dd\fR - the current year is assumed
.sp 2
         *  \fRdd-dd\fR - the current month and year are assumed
.sp 2
         The start date must be the same as or earlier than the
         end date.
.sp 2
         If a reservation is disabled for a specified day, then
         it does not become active on that day, and remains
         inactive during the reservation time window.
         Non-recurring reservations are able to use slots of the
         recurring reservation during the time window. The -tn
         option is a shortcut that disables a reservation on the
         starting day of the next instance of the reservation
         time window; that is, the instance that starts nearest
         in the future. If the reservation is disabled for this
         day, the modification request is rejected.
.sp 2
         For example, for a weekly reservation with time window
         from Wednesday 9 AM to Friday 10 PM, if the current day
         is Monday, then running the command with the -tn option
         disables the reservation from Wednesday to Friday of the
         current week. However, if the current day is Thursday,
         then the reservation is disabled from Wednesday to
         Friday of the following week. If it is Wednesday, then
         whether to disable in the current week or following week
         depends on whether the start time of the instance is
         passed. If not, then the reservation is disabled in the
         current week, otherwise the following week\(aqs reservation
         is disabled.
.sp 2
         Running the disable command with the -tn option twice on
         Monday tries to disable twice in the current week. The
         second run has no effect, but is rejected because the
         specified reservation instance is already disabled.
.sp 2
         After a reservation is disabled for a period, it cannot
         be enabled; that is, the disabled periods remain fixed.
         Before a reservation is disabled, you are prompted to
         confirm whether to continue disabling the reservation.
         Use the -f option to silently force the command to run
         without prompting for confirmation; for example, to
         allow for automating disabling reservations from a
         script.
.sp 2
\fBrmhost {-n \fInumber_unit\fB [-m "\fIhost_name\fB ... |
\fIhost_group\fB ..."]} | {[-n \fInumber_unit\fB]-m
"\fIhost_name\fB ... | \fIhost_group\fB ..."}\fI
reservation_ID\fB\fR
.br
         Removes hosts or slots on hosts from the original
         reservation allocation. You must specify either the -n
         or -m option. Use the -n option to specify the number of
         hosts to be released or slots to be released from
         reserved hosts. Removing a host without the -n option
         releases all hosts or reserved free slots on the host.
         The specified number of units (slots or hosts) must be
         less than or equal to the available number of hosts or
         slots for the hosts.
.sp 2
         You can remove only a whole host from a system
         reservation.
.sp 2
         How many slots or hosts can be removed depends on the
         number of slots that are free while the reservation is
         active. The rmhost subcommand cannot remove more slots
         than are free on the host on both one-time and recurring
         reservations that are active. If you want to remove more
         slots from the reservation, you must wait until running
         jobs finish or the reservation is inactive.
.sp 2
\fBrmuser -u "\fIuser_name\fB ... | \fIuser_group\fB ..."
\fIreservation_ID\fB\fR
.br
         Removes users and user groups from an advance
         reservation.
.SH Options

.sp 2
\fB-nosusp | -nosuspn\fR
.br
         If specified, LSF no longer suspends non-advance
         reservation jobs that are running on the advance
         reservation hosts when the first advance reservation job
         starts. Non-advance reservation jobs continue to run,
         and advance reservation jobs do not start until resource
         are available. This ensures that resources are not
         over-committed. If the -nosuspn option is specified, LSF
         suspends non-advance reservation jobs that are running
         on the advance reservation hosts when the first advance
         reservation job starts.
.sp 2
         This flag is only valid with user advance reservations
         if the advance reservation is inactive and not within
         the pre-time period.
.sp 2
\fB-o\fR
.br
         Changes a closed advance reservation to open, or cancels
         an open reservation.
.sp 2
         If the reservation is open, all jobs in the reservation
         become normal jobs, not subject to termination when the
         reservation window closes. The -on option closes the
         reservation when it expires. The running jobs of an open
         reservation are terminated when the reservation is
         changed into closed. The termination times of running
         jobs of a closed reservation are removed if the
         reservation is changed to open. The termination time of
         running jobs is set by the mbatchd daemon but checked by
         the sbatchd daemon. Termination time is an absolute time
         based on management host, so all hosts in the cluster
         must be synchronized with the local time on the
         management host. If the sbatchd daemon and the mbatchd
         daemon are not synchronized, termination might not occur
         at the correct time.
.sp 2
\fB-b \fIbegin_time\fB | [+ | -]\fIminutes\fB\fR
.br
         Replaces the begin time for a one-time reservation, or
         gives an offset in minutes to the current begin time.
.sp 2
         \fBRestriction: \fRYou cannot modify the begin time of
         an active reservation.
.sp 2
         The begin time is in the following form:
.sp 2
         [[[year:]month:]day:]hour:minute
.sp 2
         The begin time has the following ranges:
.sp 2
         \fB\fIyear\fB\fR
.br
                  Any year after 1900 (\fRYYYY\fR).
.sp 2
         \fB\fImonth\fB\fR
.br
                  1-12 (\fRMM\fR).
.sp 2
         \fB\fIday of the month\fB\fR
.br
                  1-31 (\fRdd\fR).
.sp 2
         \fB\fIhour\fB\fR
.br
                  0-23 (\fRhh\fR).
.sp 2
         \fB\fIminute\fB\fR
.br
                  0-59 (\fRmm\fR).
.sp 2
         Year, month, and day are optional. You must specify at
         least \fR\fIhour\fR:\fIminute\fR\fR:
.sp 2
         *  Three fields are assumed to be
            \fR\fIday\fR:\fIhour\fR:\fIminute\fR\fR
.sp 2
         *  Four fields are assumed to be
            \fR\fImonth\fR:\fIday\fR:\fIhour\fR:\fIminute\fR\fR
.sp 2
         *  Five fields are
            \fIyear\fR\fR:\fR\fImonth\fR\fR:\fR\fIday\fR\fR:\fR\fIhour\fR\fR:\fR\fIminute\fR
.sp 2
         If you do not specify a day, LSF assumes the current
         day. If you do not specify a month, LSF assumes the
         current month. If you specify a year, you must specify a
         month.
.sp 2
         The offset is in minutes, an integer with a prefix + or
         -. For example, \fR-b+5\fR moves the begin time 5
         minutes later, and \fR-b-5\fR moves the begin time 5
         minutes earlier.
.sp 2
         The modified time value for the begin time (-b option)
         must use the same syntax as the time value for the end
         time (-e option). The begin time must be earlier than
         the time value for the end time. The begin time cannot
         be earlier than the current time.
.sp 2
\fB-d "\fIdescription\fB"\fR
.br
         Replaces or sets a description for the reservation. The
         description must be provided as a double quoted text
         string. The maximum length is 512 characters.
.sp 2
\fB-E \fIpre_ar_script\fB | -En\fR
.br
         Replaces the absolute file path to the script that is
         run to create the advance reservation. The -En option
         removes the script so that no scripts are run. If the
         creator is not root or an LSF administrator, the
         creator\(aqs user group should be an an LSF or queue
         administrator so that this pre-script can take action on
         other users\(aq jobs. \fRLSB_START_EBROKERD=Y\fR must be
         specified in the lsf.conf file for LSF to run the
         script.
.sp 2
         \fBNote: \fRThe file path can contain up to 4094
         characters for UNIX and Linux, or up to 255 characters
         for Windows, including the directory and file name.
.sp 2
         The following environment variables are available for
         use in the script:
.sp 2
         \fBAR_NAME\fR
.br
                  Name of the advance reservation.
.sp 2
         \fBAR_QUEUE_LIST\fR
.br
                  List of queues whose jobs can be run in this
                  advance reservation.
.sp 2
         \fBAR_HOST_LIST\fR
.br
                  List of hosts in this advance reservation. The
                  host is reported even if the advance
                  reservation does not use all slots on the host.
.sp 2
         \fBAR_START_TIME\fR
.br
                  Start time of this advance reservation as a UTC
                  time stamp.
.sp 2
         \fBAR_END_TIME\fR
.br
                  End time of this advance reservation as a UTC
                  time stamp.
.sp 2
         \fBAR_JOBIDS\fR
.br
                  The job IDs of jobs that are currently running
                  on this advance reservation\(aqs hosts.
.sp 2
         \fBAR_CREATOR\fR
.br
                  Name of the user that created this advance
                  reservation.
.sp 2
         \fBAR_OWNERS\fR
.br
                  Name of the owners of this advance reservation.
.sp 2
         The script is run at the start time of the advance
         reservation unless a pre-time is set with the -Et
         option, then the script is run at the start time minus
         the specified pre-time. If the script is modified before
         the script is to be run, the latest version of the
         script is run at the start time of the script.
.sp 2
         When the AR_END_TIME is changed, the pending jobs should
         not be dispatched if the specified runlimit exceeds the
         end time of the AR.
.sp 2
         The script can use the bpost command to notify the job
         owner that the job was killed by the script. The script
         can also create its own logs and send notifications to
         the creator and owner of the advance reservation. LSF
         does not take any specific action based on the success
         or failure of the script, and there is no timeout period
         or action that is associated with this script.
.sp 2
         If the conditions of the advance reservation or the job
         change while the script is running (for example, with
         the brsvmod or bmod command), the scripts are not
         notified and the environment variables do not change. It
         is the responsibility of the script to handle these
         changes. In addition, after the script is run, any kill
         or requeue actions on the jobs cannot be undone if the
         advance reservation or the job itself is changed with
         the brsvmod or bmod command.
.sp 2
\fB-Ep \fIpost_ar_script\fB | -Epn\fR
.br
         Replaces the absolute file path to the script that is
         run as the creator of the advance reservation when it
         expires. The -En option removes the script so that no
         scripts are run. If the creator is not root or an LSF
         administrator, the creator\(aqs user group should be an an
         LSF or queue administrator so that this post-script can
         take action on other users\(aq jobs.
         \fRLSB_START_EBROKERD=Y\fR must be specified in the
         lsf.conf file for LSF to run the script.
.sp 2
         \fBNote: \fRThe file path can contain up to 4094
         characters for UNIX and Linux, or up to 255 characters
         for Windows, including the directory and file name.
.sp 2
         The following environment variables are available for
         use in the script:
.sp 2
         \fBAR_NAME\fR
.br
                  Name of the advance reservation.
.sp 2
         \fBAR_QUEUE_LIST\fR
.br
                  List of queues whose jobs can be run in this
                  advance reservation.
.sp 2
         \fBAR_HOST_LIST\fR
.br
                  List of hosts in this advance reservation. The
                  host is reported even if the advance
                  reservation does not use all slots on the host.
.sp 2
         \fBAR_START_TIME\fR
.br
                  Start time of this advance reservation as a UTC
                  time stamp.
.sp 2
         \fBAR_END_TIME\fR
.br
                  End time of this advance reservation as a UTC
                  time stamp.
.sp 2
         \fBAR_JOBIDS\fR
.br
                  The job IDs of jobs that are currently running
                  on this advance reservation\(aqs hosts.
.sp 2
         \fBAR_CREATOR\fR
.br
                  Name of the user that created this advance
                  reservation.
.sp 2
         \fBAR_OWNERS\fR
.br
                  Name of the owners of this advance reservation.
.sp 2
         The script is run at the expiry time of the advance
         reservation unless a pre-time is set with the -Ept
         option, then the script is run at the expiry time minus
         the specified pre-time. If the script is modified before
         the script is to be run, the latest version of the
         script is run at the start time of the script.
.sp 2
         When the AR_END_TIME is changed, the pending jobs should
         not be dispatched if the specified runlimit exceeds the
         end time of the AR.
.sp 2
         The script can use the bpost command to notify the job
         owner that the job was killed by the script. The script
         can also create its own logs and send notifications to
         the creator and owner of the advance reservation. LSF
         does not take any specific action based on the success
         or failure of the script, and there is no timeout period
         or action that is associated with this script.
.sp 2
         If the conditions of the advance reservation or the job
         change while the script is running (for example, with
         the brsvmod or bmod command), the scripts are not
         notified and the environment variables do not change. It
         is the responsibility of the script to handle these
         changes. In addition, after the script is run, any kill
         or requeue actions on the jobs cannot be undone if the
         advance reservation or the job itself is changed with
         the brsvmod or bmod command.
.sp 2
\fB-Ept \fIpost_ar_time\fB | -Eptn\fR
.br
         Changes the amount of time, in minutes, before the
         expiry of the advance reservation for LSF to run the
         post-script (as specified by the -Ep option). The -Ept
         option is ignored if the -Ep option is not enabled.
.sp 2
         If you specify the -Eptn option, the post-script is run
         at the expiry time of the advance reservation
.sp 2
\fB-Et \fIpre_ar_script\fB | -Etn\fR
.br
         Changes the amount of time, in minutes, before the start
         of the advance reservation for LSF to run the pre-script
         (as specified by the -E option) and to stop dispatching
         new jobs to the advance reservation hosts.
.sp 2
         If the -E option is not enabled, specifying the -Et
         option means that LSF stops dispatching jobs to this
         advance reservation\(aqs hosts at pre-time without running
         a pre-script.
.sp 2
         If you specify the -Etn option, the pre-script is run at
         the start time of the advance reservation
.sp 2
\fB-e \fIend_time\fB | [+ | -]\fIminutes\fB\fR
.br
         Replaces the end time for a one-time reservation, or
         gives an offset in minutes to the current end time.
.sp 2
         By giving a positive offset to the end time, you extend
         the duration of a reservation so that the jobs in the
         reservation can run longer. Shrinking the reservation
         with a negative value terminates running jobs earlier.
.sp 2
         The end time is in the following form:
.sp 2
         [[[year:]month:]day:]hour:minute
.sp 2
         The end time has the following ranges:
.sp 2
         \fB\fIyear\fB\fR
.br
                  Any year after 1900 (\fRYYYY\fR).
.sp 2
         \fB\fImonth\fB\fR
.br
                  1-12 (\fRMM\fR).
.sp 2
         \fB\fIday of the month\fB\fR
.br
                  1-31 (\fRdd\fR).
.sp 2
         \fB\fIhour\fB\fR
.br
                  0-23 (\fRhh\fR).
.sp 2
         \fB\fIminute\fB\fR
.br
                  0-59 (\fRmm\fR).
.sp 2
         Year, month, and day are optional. You must specify at
         least \fR\fIhour\fR:\fIminute\fR\fR:
.sp 2
         *  Three fields are assumed to be
            \fR\fIday\fR:\fIhour\fR:\fIminute\fR\fR
.sp 2
         *  Four fields are assumed to be
            \fR\fImonth\fR:\fIday\fR:\fIhour\fR:\fIminute\fR\fR
.sp 2
         *  Five fields are
            \fIyear\fR\fR:\fR\fImonth\fR\fR:\fR\fIday\fR\fR:\fR\fIhour\fR\fR:\fR\fIminute\fR
.sp 2
         If you do not specify a day, LSF assumes the current
         day. If you do not specify a month, LSF assumes the
         current month. If you specify a year, you must specify a
         month.
.sp 2
         The time value for the end time (-e option) must use the
         same syntax as the time value for the (-b option). The
         end time must be later than the time value for the begin
         time.
.sp 2
\fB-f\fR
.br
         Dynamically selects hosts based on the specified
         resource requirements (-R/-m option).
.sp 2
         \fBNote: \fRIf \fIAR_AVAILABLE_STATUS\fR in lsb.params
         is defined, then hosts with that status are preferred in
         the AR creation.
.sp 2

.sp 2
\fB-m "\fIhost_name\fB... | \fIhost_group\fB..."\fR
.br
         Changes the list of hosts for which job slots or number
         of hosts that are specified with the -n option are
         reserved. At job submission, LSF uses the hosts in the
         specified order.
.sp 2
         If you also specify a resource requirement string with
         the -R option, the -m option is not required.
.sp 2
         The hosts can be local to the cluster or hosts that are
         leased from remote clusters.
.sp 2
\fB-n \fInumber_unit\fB\fR
.br
         Changes the number of either job slots or hosts to
         reserve (based on the unit that is specified by the
         \fRbrsvadd -unit slot | host\fR command. The
         \fInumber_unit\fR variable must be less than or equal to
         the actual number of slots for the hosts that are
         selected by the -m or -R option for the reservation.
.sp 2
         If you also specify the reservation for system, use the
         -n option with the -s option. The -n option is not
         required.
.sp 2
\fB-q "\fIqueue_name\fB ..." | -qn\fR
.br
         Changes the queues whose jobs are allowed to run on the
         advance reservation hosts even if the jobs\(aq run limits
         are greater than the amount of time until the advance
         reservation starts. The -qn option removes the list of
         allowed queues.
.sp 2
\fB-R "\fIres_req\fB"\fR
.br
         Changes the host selection for the reservation according
         to the specified resource requirements. Only hosts that
         satisfy the resource requirement expression are
         reserved. The -R option accepts any valid resource
         requirement string, but only the \fRselect\fR and
         \fRsame\fR strings take effect.
.sp 2
         If you also specify a host list with the -m option, the
         -R option is not required.
.sp 2
         For more information about specifying resource
         requirement strings, see Administering IBM Spectrum LSF.
.sp 2
\fB-t \fItime_window\fB\fR
.br
         Replaces the time window with a new one to shift a
         recurring reservation. You cannot modify the start time
         of a recurring reservation that has current active
         instance.
.sp 2
         To specify a time window, specify two time values.
         Separate the time values by a hyphen (\fR-\fR) with no
         space in between:
.sp 2
         time_window = begin_time-end_time
.br

.sp 2
         Times are specified in the following format:
.sp 2
         [day:]hour[:minute]
.br

.sp 2
         where all fields are numbers with the following ranges:
.sp 2
         \fB\fIday of the week\fB\fR
.br
                  0-6 (0 is Sunday).
.sp 2
         \fB\fIhour\fB\fR
.br
                  0-23
.sp 2
         \fB\fIminute\fB\fR
.br
                  0-59
.sp 2
         Specify a time window:
.sp 2
         *  \fR\fIhour\fR-\fIhour\fR\fR
.sp 2
         *  \fR\fIhour\fR:\fIminute\fR-\fIhour\fR:\fIminute\fR\fR
.sp 2
         *  \fR\fIday\fR:\fIhour\fR:\fIminute\fR-\fIday\fR:\fIhour\fR:\fIminute\fR\fR
.sp 2
         The default value for minute is 0 (on the hour). The
         default value for day is every day of the week.
.sp 2
         You must specify at least the hour. Day of the week and
         minute are optional. Both the start time and end time
         values must use the same syntax. If you do not specify a
         minute, LSF assumes the first minute of the hour
         (\fR:00\fR). If you do not specify a day, LSF assumes
         every day of the week. If you do specify the day, you
         must also specify the minute.
.sp 2
         LSF administrators can prevent running jobs from being
         killed when the reservation expires by changing the
         termination time of the job that uses the reservation
         with the bmod -t command before the reservation window
         closes.
.sp 2
         When the job starts running, the run limit of the
         reservation is set to the minimum of the job run limit
         (if specified), the queue run limit (if specified), or
         the duration of the time window.
.sp 2
\fB-u "\fIuser_name\fB... | \fIuser_group\fB ..."\fR
.br
         Replaces the list of users or groups who are able to
         submit jobs to a reservation. Replacing the list of
         users or groups does not affect the currently running
         jobs.
.sp 2
         Jobs that are submitted by the original users or groups
         to the reservation still belong to the reservation and
         scheduled as advance reservation jobs, but newly
         submitted jobs from the users or groups that were
         removed from the reservation cannot use the reservation
         any longer.
.sp 2
         The \fR-u \fI"user_name\fR ... | \fIuser_group\fR
         ..."\fR option does not support the \fR@cluster\fR
         notation for advance reservations on remote clusters.
.sp 2
\fB-h\fR
.br
         Prints command usage and exits.
.sp 2
\fB-V\fR
.br
         Prints LSF release version and exits.
.SH Examples

.sp 2
The following command adds a host to an existing reservation.
.sp 2
brsvmod addhost -m hostB user1#0
.br
Reservation user1#0 is modified
.br

.sp 2
The following example disables the advance reservation between
January 1 and January 6, 2008, inclusive.
.sp 2
brsvmod disable {-td "2008:01:01-2008:01:06"}
.SH See also

.sp 2
brsvadd, brsvdel, brsvs, lsb.resources