
.ad l

.TH brsvdel 8 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBbrsvdel\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Deletes an advance reservation.
.sp 2

.SH Synopsis

.sp 2
\fBbrsvdel \fRreservation_ID ...
.sp 2
\fBbrsvdel\fR {\fB-h\fR | \fB-V\fR | \fB-f\fR}
.SH Description

.sp 2
\fBCAUTION: \fR
.sp 2
By default, this command can be used only by LSF administrators
or root.
.sp 2
Deletes advance reservations for the specified reservation IDs.
.sp 2
For example, the following command was used to create the
reservation \fRuser1#0\fR,
.sp 2
brsvadd -n 1024 -m hostA -u user1 -b 13:0 -e 18:0
.br
Reservation "user1#0" is created
.br

.sp 2
The following command deletes the reservation:
.sp 2
brsvdel user1#0
.br
Reservation user1#0 is being deleted
.br

.sp 2
You can delete multiple reservations at a time.
.sp 2
To allow users to delete their own advance reservations without
administrator intervention, configure advance reservation
policies in the \fRResourceReservation\fR section of the
lsb.resources file.
.sp 2
Administrators and root can delete any reservations. Users who
are listed in the \fRResourceReservation\fR section can delete
only reservations that they created themselves.
.SH Options

.sp 2
\fB-h\fR
.br
         Prints command usage and exits.
.sp 2
\fB-V\fR
.br
         Prints LSF release version and exits.
.sp 2
\fB-f\fR
.br
         Forces deletion of an AR. The running jobs will be
         detached and treated as regular jobs.
.br
         If \fBLSB_DISABLE_SUSPEND_AR_JOBS\fR under lsf.conf is
         set to Y, then these jobs will continue running and
         other regular suspending jobs will continue to be
         suspended. If it is set to N, these jobs will be
         suspended and will compete with other regular jobs for
         slots.
.SH See also

.sp 2
brsvadd, brsvmod, brsvs, lsb.resources