
.ad l

.TH brun 8 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBbrun\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Forces a job to run immediately.
.sp 2

.SH Synopsis

.sp 2
\fBbrun\fR [\fB-b\fR] [\fB-c\fR] [\fB-f\fR] \fB-m\fR
\fB"\fRhost_name[\fB#\fRnum_cpus] ... \fB"\fR |
\fB"\fRcluster_name\fB"\fR job_ID
.sp 2
\fBbrun\fR [\fB-b\fR] [\fB-c\fR] [\fB-f\fR] \fB-m\fR
\fB"\fRhost_name[\fB#\fRnum_cpus] ... \fB"\fR |
\fB"\fRcluster_name\fB"\fR \fB"\fRjob_ID\fB[\fRindex_list\fB]"\fR
.sp 2
\fBbrun\fR [\fB-h\fR | \fB-V\fR]
.SH Description

.sp 2
\fBImportant: \fR
.sp 2
Only administrators can use the brun command. In LSF multicluster
capability job forwarding model, you can only run the brun
command from the submission cluster.
.sp 2
Forces a pending or finished job to run immediately on specified
hosts.
.sp 2
In the LSF multicluster capability job forwarding model, the brun
-m command forces a pending or finished job to run on local
hosts. See Using IBM Spectrum LSF multicluster capability for
details.
.sp 2
In IBM Spectrum LSF Advanced Edition, the brun -m command forces
a pending or finished job to be forwarded to a remote execution
cluster. See Using IBM Spectrum LSF Advanced Edition for details.
.sp 2
A job that has been forced to run is counted as a running job.
Forcing the job to run might violate the user, queue, or host job
limits, and fairshare priorities. The forced job can run on hosts
with an exclusive resource definition.
.sp 2
A job that has been forced to run cannot be preempted by other
jobs even if it is submitted to a preemptable queue and other
jobs are submitted to a preemptive queue.
.sp 2
By default, after the job is started, it is still subject to run
windows and suspending conditions.
.sp 2
LSF administrators can use the brun command to force jobs with an
advance reservation to run before the reservation is active, but
the job must finish running before the time window of the
reservation expires.
.sp 2
For example, if the administrator forces a job with a reservation
to run one hour before the reservation is active, and the
reservation period is 3 hours, a 4 hour run limit takes effect.
.SH Options

.sp 2
\fB-b\fR
.br
         Causes a checkpointable job to start over from the
         beginning, as if it had never been checkpointed.
.sp 2
\fB-c\fR
.br
         Distribute job slots for a multihost parallel job
         according to free CPUs.
.sp 2
         By default, if a parallel job spans for more than one
         host, LSF distributes the slots based on the static CPU
         counts of each host listed in the -m option. Use the -c
         option to distribute the slots based on the free CPUs of
         each host instead of the static CPUs.
.sp 2
         The -c option can be only applied to hosts whose total
         slot counts equal to their total CPU counts. The
         \fBMXJ\fR parameter in the lsb.hosts file must be less
         than or equal to the number of CPUs and the
         \fRPJOB_LIMIT=1\fR parameter must be specified in the
         queue (the lsb.queues file).
.sp 2
         For example, a 6-CPU job is submitted to \fRhostA\fR and
         \fRhostB\fR with 4 CPUs each. Without the -c option, LSF
         lets the job take 4 slots from \fRhostA\fR first and
         then take 2 slots from \fRhostB\fR regardless to the
         status or the slots usage on \fRhostA\fR and
         \fRhostB\fR. If any slots on \fRhostA\fR are used, the
         job remains pending. With the -c opton, LSF takes into
         consideration that \fRhostA\fR has 2 slots in use and
         \fRhostB\fR is completely free, so LSF is able to
         dispatch the job using the 2 free slots on \fRhostA\fR
         and all 4 slots on \fRhostB\fR.
.sp 2
\fB-f\fR
.br
         Forces the job to run without being suspended due to run
         windows or suspending conditions.
.sp 2
\fB-m "\fIhost_name\fB[#\fInum_cpus\fB] ... " |
\fI"cluster_name\fB"\fR
.br
         Required. Specify one or more hosts on which to run the
         job.
.sp 2
         You can optionally specify the number of CPUs required
         per host for multihost parallel jobs. The
         \fR#\fInum_cpus\fR\fR option distributes job slots
         according the number of CPUs on the host. If the
         \fR#\fInum_cpus\fR\fR option is not defined, or if the
         \fR#\fInum_cpus\fR\fR option is greater than the number
         of static CPUs on the host (or the number of free CPUs
         if -c is specified), LSF distributes job slots according
         to the number of static CPUs on the host. If the
         \fR#\fInum_cpus\fR\fR option is specified, LSF
         distributes job slots according to the number of free
         CPUs on the host. The number sign (\fR#\fR) is required
         as a prefix to the number of CPUs. The square brackets
         (\fR[ ]\fR)indicate that \fR#\fInum_cpus\fR\fR is
         optional. Do not include them in the command.
.sp 2
         For example, the following command forces job 123 to run
         and specifies 1 CPU on \fRhostA\fR and 1 CPU on
         \fRhostB\fR:
.sp 2
         brun -m "hostA#1 hostB#1" 123
.br

.sp 2
         You can only specify a cluster name to forward the job
         to when the LSF/XL feature is enabled in IBM Spectrum
         LSF Advanced Edition. In IBM Spectrum LSF Advanced
         Edition, the brun -m command forces a pending job to be
         forwarded to a remote execution cluster. See Using IBM
         Spectrum LSF Advanced Edition for details.
.sp 2
\fB\fIjob_ID\fB | "\fIjob_ID\fB[\fIindex_list\fB]"\fR
.br
         Required. Specify the job to run, or specify one element
         of a job array.
.sp 2
\fB-h\fR
.br
         Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
\fB-V\fR
.br
         Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.SH Limitations

.sp 2
You cannot force a job in \fRSSUSP\fR or \fRUSUSP\fR state.
.sp 2
The brun command does not guarantee a job runs; it just forces
LSF to dispatch the job.