.ds ]W %
.ds ]L
.hy 0
.nh
.na
.TH egosetsudoers 8 "Mar 2014   EGO 3.4.0"
.br

.SH NAME
\fBegosetsudoers\fR - Creates a default /etc/ego.sudoers file to determine accounts with root privileges 
on the UNIX host within a EGO cluster.

.SH Synopsis
.BR
.PP
 egosetsudoers.sh  egosetsudoers.sh -f | -p | -h 
.SH Description
.BR
.PP

.PP
Creates a default /etc/ego.sudoers file in a UNIX host. The /etc/ego.sudoers 
file specifies accounts that are granted root privileges within a EGO 
cluster. This file is owned by root and has the permissions set at 600.The default file 
is automatically configured to grant root privileges to the egoadmin account.

.PP
note:  

.PP
The cluster administrator UNIX user account is described during installation as "egoadmin" 
(default setting). If you indicated a different account for cluster administrator during the 
installation process, substitute it when you see references in the documentation to "egoadmin". 
Note that this is different from the cluster administrator account that you use when you log into 
the IBM Spectrum management console.

.PP
This command runs setuid for the egosh command and changes the owner of 
egosh to root.

.PP
This is an administrative command. You must be logged on as root to issue this 
command.

.PP
You should grant root privileges to egoadmin so that egoadmin can start a local 
host in the cluster and shut down or restart any hosts in the cluster from the local 
host. For egoadmin or root to start the cluster, or start any hosts specified by name, 
you need to be able to run rsh across all hosts in the cluster without having to enter 
a password. See your operating system documentation for information about 
configuring rsh.

.SS -f
.BR
.PP

.PP
Use for hosts that belong to just one cluster and when the /etc/ego.sudoers file 
already exists. Changes the cluster, preserves the existing user list, removes all other 
contents in the file, and saves a backup copy of the old file.

.SS -p
.BR
.PP

.PP
Use for hosts that belong to multiple clusters and the /etc/ego.sudoers file already 
exists. Adds a new cluster to the path, preserves the existing user list, removes all 
other contents in the file, and saves a backup copy of the old file.

