
.ad l

.TH gpolicyd 8 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBgpolicyd \fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Displays LSF global policy daemon information.
.sp 2

.SH Synopsis

.sp 2
\fBLSF_SERVERDIR/gpolicyd\fR [\fB-C\fR] [\fB-d dir\fR]
[-debug_level]
.sp 2
\fBLSF_SERVERDIR/gpolicyd\fR [\fB-h\fR | \fB-V\fR]
.SH Description

.sp 2
The gpolicyd daemon runs on the LSF management and management
candidate hosts for global policy management.
.sp 2
A new gpolicyd daemon is started if the host for the current
gpolicyd daemon fails.
.sp 2
The gpolicyd daemon reads the lsf.conf file to get the
environment information. Use the -d option to change the default
location of the LSF environment directory that contains the
lsf.conf file.
.SH Options

.sp 2
\fB-C \fR
.br
         The gpolicyd daemon checks the syntax of the LSF
         configuration files, prints verbose messages to stdout,
         and exits. The gpolicyd daemon with the -C option does
         not to run on the management host.
.sp 2
         \fBAttention: \fRDo not start the gpolicyd daemon
         manually without the -C option.
.sp 2
\fB-d env_dir\fR
.br
         Reads the lsf.conf file from the directory that is
         specified by \fIenv_dir\fR, rather than from the default
         directory /etc, or from the directory set by the
         \fBLSF_ENVDIR\fR parameter.
.sp 2
\fB-debug_level \fR
.br
         Sets debug mode level. Valid values are either 1 or 2.
         When debug mode is set, the daemons are run in debug
         mode and can be started by a normal user (non-root). If
         debug level is 1, the gpolicyd daemon runs in the
         background when started. If debug level is 2, the
         gpolicyd daemon stays in the foreground. Therefore, the
         daemon is always started by the daemon with the same
         options, and hasgpolicydsbatchd the same debug level. If
         LSF daemons are running in debug mode, the
         \fBLSB_DEBUG\fR parameter must be defined in the
         lsf.conf file for LSF commands to communicate with the
         daemons.
.sp 2
\fBERROR REPORTING\fR
.br
         The gpolicyd daemon has no controlling TTY. Errors are
         sent to syslog with log level \fBLOG_ERR\fR, or, if the
         \fBLSF_LOGDIR\fR parameter is defined in the lsf.conf
         file, which is written to the file
         LSF_LOGDIR/gpolicyd.log.host_name.
.sp 2
\fBFILES\fR
.br
         lsb.globalpolicies