
.ad l

.TH lim 8 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBlim\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
Load information manager (LIM) daemon or service, monitoring host
load.
.sp 2

.SH Synopsis

.sp 2
\fBlim\fR [\fB-C\fR] [\fB-t\fR] [\fB-T\fR] [\fB-vm\fR] [\fB-d\fR
conf_dir] [\fB-\fRdebug_level]
.sp 2
\fBlim -h\fR
.sp 2
\fBlim -V\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
There is one lim daemon or service on every host in the cluster.
Of these, one lim from the management host list is elected
management host LIM for the cluster. The management host LIM
receives load information from the other lim daemons, and
provides services to all host.
.sp 2
The lim does the following for the host on which it runs:
.sp 2
*  Starts pem on that host
.sp 2
*  Provides system configuration information to vemkd
.sp 2
*  Monitors load and provides load information statistics to
   vemkd and users
.sp 2
The management host LIM starts vemkd and pem on the management
host.
.sp 2
The non-management host LIM daemons monitor the status of the
management host LIM and elect a new management host (from the
management host list) if the current management host LIM becomes
unavailable.
.sp 2
Collectively, the LIMs in the cluster coordinate the collection
and transmission of load information. Load information is
collected in the form of load indices.
.sp 2
\fBCAUTION: \fRNever start the daemon manually without options:
specify the -V option to check the version, the -d option to
start the daemon in debug mode, or the -C option to validate its
configuration files.
.SH Options

.sp 2
\fB-d conf_dir\fR
.br
         Starts the daemon, reading from the LSF configuration
         file ego.conf in the specified directory, rather than
         from the directory set via the EGO_CONFDIR environment
         variable.
.sp 2
         Use this option when starting the daemon in debug mode.
.sp 2
         \fBCAUTION: \fRNever start the daemon manually unless
         directed to do so by Product Support.
.sp 2
\fB-\fIdebug_level\fB\fR
.br
         Starts the lim in debug mode. When running in debug
         mode, the lim uses a hard-coded port number rather than
         the one registered in system services.
.sp 2
         Specify one of the following values:
.sp 2
         \fB-1\fR
.br
                  Starts the lim in the background, with no
                  associated control terminal.
.sp 2
         \fB-2\fR
.br
                  Starts the lim in the foreground, displaying
                  the log messages to the terminal.
.sp 2
         \fBCAUTION: \fRNever start the daemon manually unless
         directed to do so by Product Support.
.sp 2
\fB-t\fR
.br
         Displays host information, such as host type, host
         architecture, number of physical processors, number of
         cores per physical processor, number of threads per
         core, and license requirements.
.sp 2
         \fBNote: \fRWhen running Linux kernel version 2.4, you
         must run lim -t as root to ensure consistent output with
         other clustered application management commands (for
         example, output from running theLSF command lshosts).
.sp 2
\fB-T \fR
.br
         Displays host topology information for each host or
         cluster. Topology is displayed by \fIprocessor unit\fR
         level: NUMA node, if present, socket, core, and thread,
.sp 2
         A socket is a collection of cores with a direct pipe to
         memory. Each socket contains 1 or more cores. This does
         not necessarily refer to a physical socket, but rather
         to the memory architecture of the machine.
.sp 2
         A core is a single entity capable of performing
         computations.
.sp 2
         A node contains sockets, a socket contains cores, and a
         core can contain threads if the core is enabled for
         multithreading.
.sp 2
         The following fields are displayed:
.sp 2
         \fBHost[\fImemory\fB] \fIhost_name\fB\fR
.br
                  Maximum memory available on the host followed
                  by the host name. If memory availability cannot
                  be determined, a dash (\fR-\fR) is displayed
                  for the host.
.sp 2
                  For hosts that do not support affinity
                  scheduling, a dash (\fR-\fR) is displayed for
                  host memory and no host topology is displayed.
.sp 2
         \fBNUMA[\fInuma_node\fB: \fImax_mem\fB]\fR
.br
                  Maximum NUMA node memory. It is possible for
                  requested memory for the NUMA node to be
                  greater than the maximum available memory
                  displayed.
.sp 2
                  If no NUMA nodes are present, then the NUMA
                  layer in the output is not shown. Other
                  relevant items such as host, socket, core and
                  thread are still shown.
.sp 2
                  If the host is not available, only the host
                  name is displayed. A dash (\fR-\fR) is shown
                  where available host memory would normally be
                  displayed.
.sp 2
         In the following example, full topology (NUMA, socket,
         and core) information is shown for \fRhostA\fR:
.sp 2
         lim -T
.br
         Host[24G] hostA
.br
             NUMA[0: 24G]
.br
                 Socket
.br
                     core(0)
.br
                     core(1)
.br
                     core(2)
.br
                     core(3)
.br
                 Socket
.br
                     core(4)
.br
                     core(5)
.br
                     core(6)
.br
                     core(7)
.sp 2
         Host \fRhostB\fR has a different architecture:
.sp 2
         lim -T
.br
         Host[63G] hostB
.br
             Socket
.br
                 NUMA[0: 16G]
.br
                     core(0)
.br
                     core(2)
.br
                     core(4)
.br
                     core(6)
.br
                 NUMA[1: 16G]
.br
                     core(8)
.br
                     core(10)
.br
                     core(12)
.br
                     core(14)
.br
             Socket
.br
                 NUMA[2: 16G]
.br
                     core(1)
.br
                     core(3)
.br
                     core(5)
.br
                     core(7)
.br
                 NUMA[3: 16G]
.br
                     core(9)
.br
                     core(11)
.br
                     core(13)
.br
                     core(15)
.sp 2
         When LSF cannot detect processor unit topology, it
         displays processor units to the closest level. For
         example:
.sp 2
         lim -T
.br
              Host[1009M] hostA 
.br
                     Socket (0 1)
.br
         
.br

.sp 2
         On \fRhostA\fR there are two processor units: 0 and 1.
         LSF cannot detect core information, so the processor
         unit is attached to the socket level.
.sp 2
\fB-vm \fR
.br

.sp 2
\fB-h\fR
.br
         Outputs command usage and exits.
.sp 2
\fB-V\fR
.br
         Outputs product version and exits.
.SH Files

.sp 2
\fBego.conf\fR
.br
         The lim reads the configuration file ego.conf to
         retrieve configuration information. ego.conf is a
         generic configuration file shared by all
         daemons/services and clients. It contains configuration
         information and other information that dictates the
         behavior of the software.
.sp 2
         Some of the parameters lim retrieves from ego.conf are
         as follows:
.sp 2
         \fBEGO_LIM_PORT\fR
.br
                  The TCP port the lim uses to serve all
                  applications.
.sp 2
         \fBEGO_SERVERDIR\fR
.br
                  The directory used for reconfiguring the
                  LIM—where the lim binary is stored.
.sp 2
         \fBEGO_LOGDIR\fR
.br
                  The directory used for message logs.
.sp 2
         \fBEGO_LOG_MASK\fR
.br
                  The log level used to determine the amount of
                  detail logged.
.sp 2
         \fBEGO_DEBUG_LIM\fR
.br
                  The log class setting for lim.
.sp 2
         \fBEGO_ENTITLEMENT_FILE\fR
.br
                  The full path to and name of the entitlement
                  file.
.sp 2
         \fBEGO_DEFINE_NCPUS\fR
.br
                  Defines whether ncpus is to be defined as
                  procs, cores, or threads. This parameter
                  overrides LSF_ENABLE_DUALCORE. If
                  EGO_ENABLE_DUALCORE is set, EGO_DEFINE_NCPUS
                  settings take precedent.
.sp 2
                  *  procs (if ncpus defined as procs, then ncpus
                     = nprocs)cores (if ncpus defined as cores,
                     then ncpus = nprocs x ncores)
.sp 2
                  *  threads (if ncpus defined as threads, then
                     ncpus = nprocs x ncores x nthreads)
.sp 2
                  \fBNote: \fR
.sp 2
                  When EGO_DEFINE_NCPUS is set, run queue-length
                  values (r1* values returned by lsload) are
                  automatically normalized based on the set
                  value.
.sp 2
                  If EGO_DEFINE_NCPUS is not defined, but
                  EGO_ENABLE_DUALCORE is set, the lim reports the
                  number of cores. If both EGO_DEFINE_NCPUS and
                  LSF_ENABLE_DUALCORE are set, then the EGO
                  parameter takes precedence.
.sp 2
         \fBEGO_ENABLE_DUALCORE\fR
.br
                  Defines if the hosts have dual cores or not. Is
                  overridden by EGO_DEFINE_NCPUS, if set.
.sp 2
                  \fBNote: \fRIf EGO_DEFINE_NCPUS is not defined,
                  but EGO_ENABLE_DUALCORE is set, the lim reports
                  the number of cores. If both EGO_DEFINE_NCPUS
                  and LSF_ENABLE_DUALCORE are set, then the EGO
                  parameter takes precedence.
.SH Customization

.sp 2
You can customize the lim by changing configuration files in
EGO_CONFDIR directory. Configure ego.cluster.<\fIcluster_name\fR>
to define various cluster properties such as the resources on
individual hosts, the load threshold values for a host, and so
on. Configure ego.shared to define host models read by the lim,
or the CPU factor of individual hosts.