
.ad l

.TH lsfinstall 8 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBlsfinstall\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
The LSF installation and configuration script.
.sp 2

.SH Synopsis

.sp 2
\fBlsfinstall -f install.config\fR
.sp 2
\fBlsfinstall -s -f server.config\fR
.sp 2
\fBlsfinstall -h\fR
.SH Description

.sp 2
The lsfinstall script runs the LSF installation scripts and
configuration utilities to install a new LSF cluster or upgrade
LSF from a previous release.
.sp 2
To install a fully operational LSF cluster that all users can
access, run the lsfinstall script as root.
.sp 2
You can run the lsfinstall script as a non-root user, with
limitations.
.SH Required install.config variables

.sp 2
The following parameters are required for installation with the
install.config configuration file:
.sp 2
*  \fRLSF_TOP="/\fIpath\fR"\fR
.sp 2
*  \fRLSF_ADMINS="\fIuser_name\fR [\fIuser_name\fR ...]"\fR
.sp 2
*  \fRLSF_CLUSTER_NAME="\fIcluster_name\fR"\fR
.SH Required server.config variables

.sp 2
If you use the server.config file to install dynamic server
hosts, the following parameters are required:
.sp 2
*  \fRLSF_TOP="/\fIpath\fR"\fR
.sp 2
*  \fRLSF_TARDIR="/\fIpath\fR"\fR
.sp 2
*  \fRLSF_SERVER_HOSTS="\fIhost_name\fR [\fIhost_name\fR ...]"\fR
.SH Variables that require an absolute path

.sp 2
*  \fRLSF_TOP="\fI/path\fR"\fR
.sp 2
*  \fRLSF_TARDIR="/\fIpath\fR"\fR
.sp 2
*  \fRLSF_ENTITLEMENT_FILE="\fI/path\fR"\fR
.SH What lsfinstall does

.sp 2
Before it installs and configures LSF, the lsfinstall script
checks the installation prerequisites, and outputs the results to
the lsfprechk.rpt file. The lsfinstall script writes any
unrecoverable errors to the Install.err file and exits. You must
correct these errors before you continue to install and configure
LSF.
.sp 2
During installation, the lsfinstall script logs installation
progress in the Install.log file and calls other utilities to
decompress, extract, and copy product files. After it copies
files to the installation location, the script configures the
cluster.
.SH (Optional) run hostsetup

.sp 2
After installation, you can run the hostsetup command to set up
LSF hosts and automatic LSF startup. After you set up the server
hosts, start your cluster and test the installation by running
some basic commands.
.sp 2
Run the hostsetup command on each LSF server host.
.sp 2
For complete usage of the hostsetup command, run the hostsetup -h
command to see the command usage and options help.
.sp 2
\fBNote: \fRRunning the hostsetup command is only required if you
plan to run IBM POE jobs by using IBM Parallel Environment (IBM
PE).
.sp 2
\fBImportant: \fRBefore you run the hostsetup command, make sure
that the hosts you want to set up are in the
lsf.cluster.\fIcluster_name\fR file.
.sp 2
For example, run the following commands to use the LSF cluster
that is installed in the /usr/share/lsf directory and configure
LSF daemons to start automatically at system startup time:
.sp 2
# cd /usr/share/lsf/10.1/install
.br
# ./hostsetup --top="/usr/share/lsf" --boot="y"
.br

.SH Where lsfinstall is located

.sp 2
lsfinstall is included in the LSF installation script TAR file
lsf10.1_lsfinstall.tar.Z and is located in the lsf10.1_lsfinstall
directory that is created when you decompress and extract
installation script TAR file.
.sp 2
After you install LSF, the lsfinstall script is located in the
LSF_TOP/10.1/install/ directory.
.SH Options

.sp 2
\fB-f \fIoption_file\fB\fR
.br
         Name of the file that specifies the installation
         options. The file can be any name that you choose. The
         name of the default template file for normal
         installation is install.config. To install server hosts
         for dynamic host configuration, use the template file
         server.config.
.sp 2
\fB-s\fR
.br
         Install a dynamic server host.
.sp 2
         Specify installation options in the server.config file.
.sp 2
         The following parameters are required:
.sp 2
         *  \fRLSF_SERVER_HOSTS="\fIhost_name\fR [\fIhost_name\fR
            ...]"\fR
.sp 2
         *  \fRLSF_TOP="/\fIpath\fR"\fR
.sp 2
         *  \fRLSF_TARDIR="/\fIpath\fR"\fR
.sp 2
         The following parameters are optional:
.sp 2
         \fB\fRLSF_LIM_PORT=\fIport_number\fR\fB\fR
.br
                  If the management host does not use the default
                  LSF_LIM_PORT, you must specify the same
                  LSF_LIM_PORT defined in lsf.conf on the
                  management host.
.sp 2
         \fB\fRLSF_LOCAL_RESOURCES="\fIresource\fR ..."\fB\fR
.br
                  Defines the local resources for a dynamic host.
.sp 2
                  *  For numeric resources, use name-value pairs:
.sp 2
                     "[resourcemap value*resource_name]"
.br

.sp 2
                  *  For Boolean resources, define resource
                     names:
.sp 2
                     "[resource resource_name]"
.br

.sp 2
                  The following example defines a numeric
                  resource for \fRverilog\fR licenses and Boolean
                  resource \fRlinux\fR:
.sp 2
                  LSF_LOCAL_RESOURCES="[hostname hostA] [server 1] [resourcemap 1*verilog] [resource linux]"
.br

.sp 2
                  \fBTip: \fRIf \fBLSF_LOCAL_RESOURCES\fR are
                  already defined in a local lsf.conf file on the
                  server host, the lsfinstall script does not add
                  resources that you defined in
                  \fBLSF_LOCAL_RESOURCES\fR in the server.config
                  file.
.sp 2
         The lsfinstall script creates a local lsf.conf file for
         the server host, which sets the following parameters:
.sp 2
         *  \fRLSF_CONFDIR="/\fIpath\fR"\fR
.sp 2
         *  \fRLSF_GET_CONF=lim\fR
.sp 2
         *  \fRLSF_LIM_PORT=\fIport_number \fR\fR
.sp 2
         *  \fRLSF_LOCAL_RESOURCES="\fIresource\fR ..."\fR
.sp 2
         *  \fRLSF_SERVER_HOSTS="\fIhost_name\fR [\fIhost_name\fR
            ...]"\fR
.sp 2
         *  \fRLSF_VERSION=10.1\fR
.sp 2
\fB-h\fR
.br
         Prints command usage and exits.
.SH See also

.sp 2
lsf.conf, install.configinstall.config, server.config