
.ad l

.TH mbatchd 8 "July 2021" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBmbatchd\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
mbatchd, sbatchd - management and server daemons of the LSF
system
.sp 2

.SH Synopsis

.sp 2
LSF_SERVERDIR\fB/mbatchd\fR [ \fB-h\fR ] [ \fB-V\fR ] [ \fB-C\fR
] [ \fB-d \fRenv_dir ] [ \fB-\fRdebug_level ]
.sp 2
LSF_SERVERDIR\fB/sbatchd\fR [ \fB-h\fR ] [ \fB-V\fR ] [ \fB-d
\fRenv_dir ] [ \fB-\fRdebug_level ]
.SH Description

.sp 2
LSF is a load sharing batch system that supports distributed
batch job processing. There is a server batch daemon, sbatchd, on
every server host. The server batch daemon on the same host as
the management host Load Information Manager (LIM) of the
underlying LSF base is responsible for starting a management
batch daemon, mbatchd, on its host for the local LSF cluster. The
sbatchds are typically started at system boot time by
rc.local(8). You must never start the mbatchd daemon unless you
are running it with the -C option.
.sp 2
In order to use the LSF system, mbatchd and sbatchd must be
registered in the services database, such as /etc/services or the
NIS services map, or \fBLSB_MBD_PORT\fR and \fBLSB_SBD_PORT\fR
must be defined in the file lsf.conf. The service names are
mbatchd and sbatchd respectively, and the protocol is tcp (see
services(8)). You can select any unused port numbers.
.sp 2
You can submit batch jobs from any host to the mbatchd. mbatchd
contacts the LIM to obtain current load information about hosts
that satisfy the resource requirements provided at job submission
(see bsub(1)). If no suitable hosts are found, the jobs are held
by the mbatchd (that is, they are pending). Once suitable
execution hosts are found, mbatchd dispatches the jobs to one or
more sbatchds on the selected hosts for execution.
.sp 2
An sbatchd accepts job execution requests from the mbatchd,
starts the jobs and monitors the progress of the jobs. Based on
the execution conditions specified by the mbatchd at job dispatch
time, an sbatchd may stop and resume a job in response to changes
in the host load conditions, interactive user activities and
queue or host run windows. Such actions by an sbatchd are
reported back to the mbatchd. When a job is finished (either
completed successfully or with an error, or terminated by a user,
a LSF administrator or the queue administrator), the job output
is either mailed to the user who submitted the job, or stored in
a file specified at job submission (see bsub(1)).
.sp 2
Besides processing user requests, mbatchd performs most of the
scheduling functions of LSF. LSF is fault tolerant: a new mbatchd
is started if the host of the current mbatchd fails, and no jobs
are lost, except those running on the failed host. These jobs may
be rerun from begin on some other hosts or, if they are
checkpointable, restarted from their last checkpoint on some
other hosts.
.sp 2
Most of the user’s environment (such as the current working
directory, umask, and user groups) at the time of batch job
submission is retained and used for batch job execution. mbatchd
and sbatchd read the file lsf.conf (see -d option) to get the
environment information. The file lsf.conf is a generic
configuration file shared by LSF and applications built on top of
it. It contains environment information as to where the specific
configuration files and data files are and other information that
dictates the behavior of the software. See lsf.conf(5) for
details.
.SH Options

.sp 2
\fB-h\fR
.br
         Print command usage to stderr and exit.
.sp 2
\fB-V\fR
.br
         Print LSF release version to stderr and exit.
.sp 2
\fB-C\fR
.br
         This option applies to mbatchd only. If specified,
         mbatchd does syntax checking on the LSF configuration
         files and prints verbose messages to stdout. After the
         checking, mbatchd exits. mbatchd with the -C option does
         not have to be run on the management host (as returned
         by lsid(1)). You must never start mbatchd manually
         unless the -C option is used.
.sp 2
\fB-d \fIenv_dir\fB\fR
.br
         Read lsf.conf file from the directory env_dir, rather
         than from the default directory /etc, or from the
         directory \fBLSF_ENVDIR\fR that is set in the
         environment variable.
.sp 2
\fB-\fIdebug_level\fB\fR
.br
         Debug mode level. Possible values are either 1 or 2.
         When debug mode is set, the daemons are run in debug
         mode and can be started by a normal user (non-root). If
         debug level is 1, sbatchd will go to background when
         started. If debug level is 2, sbatchd will stay in
         foreground. mbatchd is always started by sbatchd with
         the same options, and therefore has the same debug
         level. If LSF daemons are running in debug mode,
         \fBLSB_DEBUG\fR must be defined in the file lsf.conf in
         order for LSF commands to talk with the daemons.
.SH Queues and logs

.sp 2
Visible to users are a number of job queues to which jobs can be
submitted. Job queues are defined by the LSF administrator in the
cluster configuration file lsb.queues. See lsb.queues(5) for a
description of the queue configuration.
.sp 2
Two types of log files are maintained by mbatchd: event log and
job log files. The files are named lsb.events and lsb.acct,
respectively. See lsb.events(5) and lsb.acct(5) for descriptions.
.SH Error reporting

.sp 2
mbatchd and sbatchd have no controlling tty. Serious errors are
mailed to the LSF administrator. Less serious errors are sent to
syslog with log level \fBLOG_ERR\fR, or written to the file
LSF_LOGDIR/mbatchd.log.<\fIhostname\fR> or
LSF_LOGDIR/sbatchd.log.<\fIhostname\fR>, if \fBLSF_LOGDIR\fR is
defined in the file lsf.conf.
.SH See also

.sp 2
lsf.conf(5), lsf.cluster(5), lsb.queues(5), lsb.events(5),
lsb.acct(5), bsub(1), lsid(1), lim(8), rc.local(8), sevices(8)