
.ad l

.TH pversions_unix 8 "May 2019" "" ""
.ll 72

.ce 1000
\fBpversions\fR
.ce 0

.sp 2
UNIX version of the command. Displays the version information for
IBM Spectrum LSF installed on UNIX hosts.
.sp 2

.SH Synopsis

.sp 2
pversions [-f env_file]
.sp 2
pversions -p [-f env_file] product_name
.sp 2
pversions -b [-f env_file] build_number
.sp 2
pversions -q [-f env_file] file_name
.sp 2
pversions -c package_name
.sp 2
pversions -h
.SH Description

.sp 2
By default, displays the version and patch level of IBM Spectrum
LSF.
.sp 2
The cluster location is normally determined by your environment
setting, so ensure that your environment is set before you run
this command (for example, you sourced either the cshrc.lsf or
the profile.lsf file).
.sp 2
For each binary type, displays basic version information (package
build date, build number, package installed date) and lists
patches installed (package type, build number, date that is
installed, fixes).
.sp 2
Optionally, the command can also be used to make the following
checks:
.sp 2
*  Check the contents of a package before it is installed.
.sp 2
*  Show information about a specific LSF installation.
.sp 2
*  Show information about installed packages from specific build.
.sp 2
*  Find current versions of a specific file and see information
   for each file.
.SH Options

.sp 2
\fB-f \fIenv_file\fB\fR
.br
         Use this option only if you cannot set your environment
         (for example, you cannot source the cshrc.lsf or
         profile.lsf file).
.sp 2
         Specify the full path and file name of a file (such as
         your LSF install.config file) that defines the parameter
         LSF_TOP.
.sp 2
         If you use this option, the command gets the cluster
         location from this file, not from the settings in your
         environment.
.sp 2
\fB-b build_number\fR
.br
         Specify the build number of an installed patch. You can
         specify the most recent full installation or patches
         installed after the most recent full installation.
.sp 2
         Displays information and the contents of the build
         (binary type and install date, notes, fixes, and files
         in the package).
.sp 2
\fB-c package_name\fR
.br
         Specify the full path and file name of an uninstalled
         package. For this option, you do not need to set your
         environment because a cluster is not required.
.sp 2
         Displays package contents (notes, fixes, and files in
         the patch).
.sp 2
\fB-p product_name\fR
.br
         Specify one LSF product to see information for that
         product only. Specify \fRLSF\fR to see information about
         LSF.
.sp 2
\fB-q file_name\fR
.br
         Specify the file name of one installed file.
.sp 2
         For each binary type, displays basic version information
         and file location. If the binary was updated after the
         most recent full installation, displays additional
         information about the most recent patch that updated the
         file (build number, fixes, notes, date installed).
.sp 2
\fB-h\fR
.br
         Outputs command usage and exits.
.SH Output

.sp 2
Information is displayed in your command console.
.SH Product version information (Default)

.sp 2
By default, displays product information for entire cluster.
.sp 2
For each product, displays product name and version followed by
specific information about each binary type.
.sp 2
For each binary type, displays basic version information (package
build date, build number, package installed date) and lists any
patches that are installed (package type, build number or fix
number, date installed).
.sp 2
\fBbinary type\fR
.br
         Binary type, build number of binary, and build date of
         the binary for the most recent full installation. A full
         installation is installation of any distribution that
         contains a complete set of new binary files. A full
         installation can be a new cluster, an upgrade, or
         patching with an enhancement pack.
.sp 2
\fBinstalled\fR
.br
         Date the binary was installed for the most recent full
         installation.
.sp 2
\fBpatched\fR
.br
         For each patch after the most recent full installation,
         displays fix number, build number, and date patch was
         installed. If the patch was a fix pack, multiple fixes
         are listed.
.SH File version information (-q)

.sp 2
The -q option displays information for specified file only.
.sp 2
For each product that contains the specified file, displays
product name and version followed by specific information about
each binary type.
.sp 2
For each binary type that contains the specified file, displays
basic version information and file location. If the binary was
updated after the most recent full installation, displays
additional information about the most recent patch that updated
the file (build number, fixes, notes, date installed).
.sp 2
\fBbinary type\fR
.br
         Binary type, build number of binary, and build date of
         the binary for the most recent full installation. A full
         installation is any distribution that contains a
         complete set of new binary files. A full installation
         can be a new cluster installation, a version upgrade, or
         patching with an enhancement pack.
.sp 2
\fBinstalled\fR
.br
         Date the binary was installed for the most recent full
         installation.
.sp 2
\fBfile\fR
.br
         Full path to the version of the file that is used for
         this binary type.
.sp 2
\fBlast patched\fR
.br
         For the last patch to update the file after the most
         recent full installation, displays build number and date
         patch was installed.
.sp 2
\fBlast patch notes\fR
.br
         Optional. Some information that is provided for the last
         patch that updated the file.
.sp 2
\fBlast patch fixes\fR
.br
         Fixes that are included in the last patch that updated
         the file.
.SH Build version information (-b)

.sp 2
The -b option displays information for patches with the specified
build number only.
.sp 2
For each product, if the product is using binary files from the
specified build, displays product name and version followed by
specific information about each binary type.
.sp 2
For each binary type, displays the following information:
.sp 2
\fBbinary type\fR
.br
         Binary type, build number and build date of the patch.
.sp 2
\fBinstalled \fR
.br
         Date the patch was installed.
.sp 2
\fBnotes\fR
.br
         Optional. Some information that is provided for the
         build.
.sp 2
\fBfixes\fR
.br
         Fixes that are included in the patch.
.sp 2
\fBfiles\fR
.br
         Files that are included in the patch. Not shown for a
         full distribution such as enhancement pack. Full path to
         the file installed by this patch.
.SH Package version information (-c)

.sp 2
The -c option displays version information for a specified
uninstalled package.
.sp 2
\fBproduct\fR
.br
         Displays product name and version.
.sp 2
\fBbinary type\fR
.br
         Binary type, build number and build date of the patch.
.sp 2
\fBnotes\fR
.br
         Optional. Some information that is provided for the
         build.
.sp 2
\fBfixes\fR
.br
         Fixes that are included in the patch.
.sp 2
\fBfiles\fR
.br
         Files that are included in the patch (not shown for a
         full distribution such as enhancement pack). Relative
         path to the file.